{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red242\green242\blue242;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red22\green106\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c96078\c96078\c96078;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c60000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c45098;\cssrgb\c9020\c51373\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c12941;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c3137;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Inject Dynamic Context in Miro\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb4 "inject dynamic context" pattern for miro - would it be useful\
\
\
Thinking process (10 tools used)\
MiroThinker already implements several forms of dynamic context injection, so the question is really whether a more formalized/generalized version would add incremental value. Here's the analysis:\
\
What MiroThinker already does\
ADK agent (newer architecture)\
The ADK agent has a blackboard pattern where session state carries template variables that agents read dynamically each iteration:\
\
\{research_findings\} \'97 refreshed by maestro_condition_callback after each loop iteration\
\{corpus_for_synthesis\} \'97 updated corpus for the synthesiser\
\{research_strategy\} \'97 thinker's output consumed by the maestro pipeline.py:41-61\
This is already a form of "inject dynamic context" \'97 the thinker sees an ever-richer corpus briefing on each iteration, and the synthesiser reads the swarm-synthesised report via \{corpus_for_synthesis\}: synthesiser.py:32-34\
\
Additionally, three plugins and callbacks inject context dynamically:\
\
GlobalInstructionPlugin \'97 injects static dedup rules into every agent's system prompt at runtime __init__.py:115-125\
\
before_model_callback \'97 dynamically injects a wrap-up instruction when context tokens exceed MAX_CONTEXT_TOKENS before_model.py:153-172\
\
_init_pipeline_state \'97 injects initial corpus keys and runs a Phase 0 scout before the pipeline starts pipeline.py:93-108\
\
Miroflow agent (older architecture)\
The miroflow agent generates the system prompt once at the start of run_main_agent and it stays fixed for the entire run (up to 200-300 turns): orchestrator.py:795-800\
\
It does inject failure experience summaries on retries (a form of dynamic context), but the system prompt itself is static throughout a run. answer_generator.py:170-254\
\
Where "inject dynamic context" could add value\
The ADK agent's blackboard pattern is already quite close to a formalized "inject dynamic context" pattern. The main gaps are:\
\
1. Miroflow agent's static system prompt\
Over 200+ turns, the agent's goals and strategy may evolve, but the system prompt never changes. A dynamic context injection could update it mid-run with accumulated knowledge or shifting priorities. The ADK agent solves this with the blackboard, but the miroflow agent doesn't have an equivalent.\
\
2. Turn-aware / budget-aware guidance\
Currently, the only dynamic injection based on resource consumption is the hard context-limit wrap-up. A more graduated approach could inject guidance like "you've used 150/200 turns \'97 start converging on an answer" or "you've spent $8 of your $10 budget \'97 prioritize high-value searches."\
\
3. Cross-run memory\
Neither architecture injects context from previous sessions or runs (beyond the explicit failure-experience retry mechanism). A dynamic context pattern could pull in relevant findings from prior research on similar topics.\
\
Verdict\
For the ADK agent (apps/adk-agent/): marginal value. The blackboard + template variables + callbacks already implement this pattern effectively. Formalizing it further would mostly be an abstraction/naming exercise.\
\
For the miroflow agent (apps/miroflow-agent/): moderate value. The static system prompt over 200+ turns is a real limitation. Injecting a dynamic "here's what you've found so far / here's your remaining budget" section into the system prompt on each turn would help the agent make better decisions as the run progresses. However, this is the older architecture \'97 the ADK agent already addresses this with its blackboard design.\
\
Bottom line: The pattern is already the core design principle of the ADK pipeline agent. If you're working primarily with the miroflow agent, adding a before_model hook that injects a dynamic context summary (accumulated findings, turn budget, strategy shifts) into the system prompt would be a meaningful improvement. If you're on the ADK agent, you already have it.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
consider tthis, the thinker model ponders in infinity and is tended to by swarm of tool-bearing, flock table wielding agents that read the context and thoughts of the thinker and inject it with the things it ponders about\
\
\
Thinking process (8 tools used)\
This is a compelling reframing of what MiroThinker already does \'97 and it reveals both how close the current architecture is to this vision and where the gap lies.\
\
Current: Discretized batch thinking\
The thinker today runs in 3 coarse pulses. It thinks, stops, waits for the swarm to act, then thinks again with enriched context:\
\
\
\
\
The loop is hard-capped at max_iterations=3. pipeline.py:223-227\
\
The thinker produces one monolithic strategy output per iteration, then goes dark while the swarm works. thinker.py:139-152\
\
The swarm (search executor + maestro) runs sequentially after the thinker, not reactively alongside it. pipeline.py:212-227\
\
Your vision: Continuous thinker with reactive swarm\
What you're describing is fundamentally different \'97 the thinker never stops. It's an unbounded reasoning stream, and the swarm agents are reactive observers that:\
\
Read the thinker's evolving thought stream in real-time\
Detect what it's pondering about (questions, gaps, hypotheses)\
Fetch the relevant information (search, scrape, Flock SQL)\
Inject it back into the thinker's context mid-thought\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
This is the difference between batch processing (think \uc0\u8594  act \u8594  think \u8594  act) and stream processing (think continuously while agents reactively feed you).\
\
Why it's architecturally interesting\
The current system already has all the pieces \'97 they're just wired sequentially:\
\
The blackboard (DuckDB corpus + session state) is already the shared memory. condition_manager.py:435-455\
\
The search executor already fires APIs programmatically with no LLM. search_executor.py:405-432\
\
The maestro already has unrestricted Flock SQL access to organise the corpus. maestro.py:46-64\
\
The gossip swarm already does peer-to-peer synthesis (workers \uc0\u8594  refinement \u8594  queen merge). corpus_store.py:2514-2522\
\
The before_model_callback already injects dynamic content into the LLM's context on every call. before_model.py:107-119\
\
The hard constraint\
Current LLM APIs are request-response. You can't inject new tokens into a generation mid-stream. So "pondering in infinity" has to be approximated. Three realistic approaches:\
\
1. Micro-iterations (most feasible today)\
Instead of 3 fat iterations, run N thin ones. The thinker outputs a few paragraphs of thought, the swarm reacts to just those paragraphs, and the thinker continues with a richer \{research_findings\}. The key change: remove max_iterations=3, replace with a token/cost budget, and make each thinker turn much shorter (a single line of questioning rather than a full strategy document). The swarm becomes more granular and responsive.\
\
This is essentially increasing the temporal resolution of the existing loop \'97 from 3 coarse beats to 30 fine-grained ones.\
\
2. Streaming + interrupt (emerging)\
Some inference APIs support streaming output with the ability to cancel and re-prompt. The thinker streams its reasoning; a watcher process parses the stream for questions/hypotheses; when it detects one, it pauses the thinker, dispatches the swarm, and re-prompts with the original thought + injected findings. This is closer to your vision but requires infrastructure that ADK doesn't natively support.\
\
3. Tool-use as implicit injection\
Give the thinker "tools" that aren't really tools \'97 they're the swarm. When the thinker wonders "what are the pricing tiers for X?", instead of writing that into a strategy document for later execution, it calls ponder("pricing tiers for X") and the swarm synchronously fetches and returns the answer inline. The thinker stays "pure reasoning" in spirit but the tools are transparent conduits to the swarm. This is the easiest to implement in ADK \'97 it's just adding tools to the thinker agent that delegate to the search executor and corpus.\
\
Verdict\
The vision is sound and the current architecture is ~70% of the way there. The blackboard, the swarm, the Flock corpus, the reactive callbacks \'97 all exist. What's missing is the temporal model: the thinker currently thinks in discrete, coarse pulses separated by long swarm phases, rather than thinking continuously with the swarm feeding it reactively.\
\
Approach 1 (micro-iterations) is the pragmatic path \'97 it preserves the existing ADK pipeline structure while dramatically increasing the resolution of the think-act cycle. Approach 3 (tool-use as injection) is the most architecturally clean way to make the thinker "ponder and receive" in a single continuous stream.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
In the end, I want the thinker to have the swarm architecture as this allows for unlimited context, and the idea is to digest LARGE corpora. It is best if the thinker had NO awareness of the external world and just ... Ponders with little worry about tools\
\
\
Thinking process (8 tools used)\
The core bottleneck you're identifying is real and specific. Today, format_for_thinker() dumps every finding as verbal prose directly into \{research_findings\}. That text must fit in a single LLM context window (~128K tokens). The corpus is hard-capped by whatever one model call can hold. corpus_store.py:2145-2154\
\
Meanwhile, the gossip swarm \'97 which can digest arbitrarily large corpora by partitioning into angle-based workers \'97 only runs once, at the very end, before the final synthesiser: pipeline.py:157-174\
\
The thinker never benefits from it. It reads raw findings, not swarm-digested knowledge.\
\
The architectural shift\
What you're describing is: make the gossip swarm the thinker's sensory system. The thinker doesn't read the corpus directly \'97 the swarm reads it for the thinker and presents a compressed, synthesised briefing. The thinker stays pure, tool-free, world-unaware. It just receives increasingly rich digested knowledge and ponders.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The key difference from today:\
\
Current	Proposed\
Thinker reads	format_for_thinker() \'97 raw verbal dump of ALL findings	Swarm-synthesised briefing \'97 compressed, angle-partitioned\
Corpus size limit	~128K tokens (one context window)	Unlimited \'97 swarm workers each handle a subset\
Gossip swarm runs	Once, before final synthesiser	Every iteration, before the thinker\
Thinker awareness	Sees individual findings, scores, contradictions	Sees digested narratives, themes, open questions\
Why this works\
The gossip swarm already handles the hard part. _synthesise_gossip partitions findings by angle, has workers synthesise each angle independently, then refines with peer awareness, then merges via a queen: corpus_store.py:2514-2522\
\
Each worker sees only its angle's findings (fits in one context window). The queen sees only the angle summaries (also fits). The output is a compressed narrative that represents the entire corpus regardless of size. Today this feeds the synthesiser. In your vision, it feeds the thinker. corpus_store.py:2528-2555\
\
The thinker already has zero tools and is explicitly designed to be world-unaware: thinker.py:45-48\
\
It reads \{research_findings\} and outputs strategy text. It doesn't care whether that briefing came from a raw dump or a swarm synthesis \'97 the interface is the same. The thinker's instruction already says "read the corpus briefing and reason about gaps." Nothing changes for the thinker itself. thinker.py:40-52\
\
What needs to change concretely\
The change is surprisingly small. The data flow today:\
\
\
maestro_condition_callback \uc0\u8594  corpus.format_for_thinker() \u8594  state["research_findings"]\
condition_manager.py:409-411\
\
Becomes:\
\
\
maestro_condition_callback \uc0\u8594  corpus.synthesise(query) \u8594  state["research_findings"]\
That's it. Replace the raw format_for_thinker() call with a swarm synthesis call in maestro_condition_callback. The thinker reads the same \{research_findings\} template variable \'97 it just gets a swarm-digested briefing instead of a raw dump.\
\
The synthesise() method already auto-selects single-pass for small corpora (<=80 conditions) and gossip for large ones: corpus_store.py:2467-2476\
\
So for small corpora, there's no overhead. For large corpora, the swarm kicks in and the thinker gets a compressed briefing that represents far more knowledge than could fit in its context window.\
\
The tradeoff\
Running the gossip swarm on every iteration (not just once at the end) adds LLM calls. With 3 iterations and, say, 5 angles, that's roughly 3 \'d7 (5 workers + 5 refinements + 1 queen) = 33 extra Flock calls. But these are cheap (small context, short output) compared to the thinker's own reasoning call. And the payoff is that the thinker can now reason over a corpus of 500+ findings that would otherwise overflow its context window.\
\
The thinker also loses visibility into individual finding IDs and granular scores \'97 it sees narratives instead of atoms. This is actually what you want: the thinker should ponder themes and gaps, not micromanage individual data points. The maestro already handles the granular corpus operations.\
\
One additional consideration\
The thinker's instruction currently tells it to "reference specific finding IDs" (e.g., "Finding [3] mentions a forwarding service but lacks pricing"): thinker.py:89-91\
\
With swarm-digested briefings, individual finding IDs may not be preserved. The thinker's instruction would need to shift from referencing atomic findings to referencing themes/angles/narratives. This aligns with your vision \'97 the thinker ponders at a higher level of abstraction, and the swarm handles the atomic details.\
\
Replace thinker's raw corpus dump with swarm-synthesised briefing\
In repo OrpingtonClose/MiroThinker, make the following changes to give the thinker a swarm-synthesised briefing instead of a raw corpus dump, enabling it to digest arbitrarily large corpora:\
\
apps/adk-agent/callbacks/condition_manager.py \'97 In maestro_condition_callback() (around line 410), replace:\
\
\
state["research_findings"] = corpus.format_for_thinker()\
with a call to run_swarm_synthesis(state) (or corpus.synthesise(user_query)) that produces a swarm-digested briefing. Fall back to format_for_thinker() if the swarm returns empty. Keep format_for_synthesiser() unchanged for the final synthesiser path.\
\
Also apply the same change in researcher_condition_callback() (around line 265) if that legacy path is still used.\
\
apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py \'97 Optionally create a new method synthesise_for_thinker(user_query) that produces a thinker-oriented swarm briefing (as opposed to the synthesiser-oriented one). The thinker briefing should:\
\
Emphasise gaps, contradictions, under-explored areas, and open questions (not just findings)\
Include a "corpus health" summary (how many findings, how many angles, what's weak)\
Preserve enough specificity for the thinker to formulate targeted search strategies\
NOT include individual finding IDs (the thinker reasons at the narrative level)\
The gossip worker prompts should be adjusted: instead of "synthesise into a section report" they should say "digest into a strategic briefing highlighting what is known, what contradicts, and what is missing."\
\
apps/adk-agent/agents/thinker.py \'97 Update THINKER_INSTRUCTION (around line 40-137):\
\
Remove references to "finding IDs" (e.g., line 89-90 "Reference specific finding IDs")\
Reframe the corpus section header from "STRUCTURED CORPUS" to something like "SWARM-DIGESTED BRIEFING"\
Adjust the description to say the briefing is a swarm-synthesised narrative, not a raw dump of individual findings\
Keep all the strategic reasoning instructions unchanged \'97 the thinker's job is the same, it just reads a richer input\
apps/adk-agent/agents/pipeline.py \'97 Ensure _init_pipeline_state() passes the user query into state (as state["user_query"]) so that corpus.synthesise(user_query) can use it. Check if user_query is already being set; if not, add it.\
\
apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py \'97 In the synthesise() / _synthesise_gossip() methods, consider adding a mode parameter ("thinker" vs "synthesiser") that adjusts the worker prompts. For thinker mode, workers should highlight gaps and contradictions more prominently. For synthesiser mode, workers should focus on completeness and citation (current behavior).\
\
The goal: the thinker remains a pure reasoning agent with zero tools and zero world awareness. The swarm becomes its sensory system, digesting the corpus into a compressed briefing that can represent an arbitrarily large corpus. For small corpora (<=80 conditions), the single-pass synthesis adds minimal overhead. For large corpora, the gossip protocol enables unlimited scaling.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
No, the thinker has every piece of information in the system. its resoning is immutable, as in every change in context is persisted to disk so lineage of thought can be estabished. the sensory swarm isn't a swarm in the synthesiser way., as the thinker BECOMES the constant-synthesiser.\
\
\
Thinking process (4 tools used)\
I misunderstood your vision. Let me restate it correctly.\
\
What you're actually describing\
The thinker is not a single LLM call that reads a compressed briefing. The thinker is a swarm \'97 a chain of reasoning instances that collectively process the entire corpus, raw and uncompressed. Every instance's output is immutably persisted, creating a traceable lineage of thought. The thinker doesn't receive pre-digested summaries from a synthesis swarm \'97 the thinker IS the constant synthesiser.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The critical properties:\
\
Property	Meaning\
Thinker sees everything	No compression, no pre-synthesis. Every atomic condition passes through the thinker.\
Immutable reasoning	Each thinker instance's output is append-only, persisted to disk. Never overwritten.\
Lineage of thought	You can trace: "at reasoning v3, the thinker had seen chunks 1-3 and concluded X. At v4, after seeing chunk 4, it revised to Y."\
Thinker IS the synthesiser	There's no separate synthesis step. The thinker's job is continuous synthesis \'97 integrating each new chunk into its evolving understanding.\
Sensory swarm feeds raw	The search executor and maestro don't pre-digest. They dump raw data into the corpus. The thinker processes it.\
How this differs from the current architecture\
The current thinker is a single LLM call that reads format_for_thinker() \'97 a verbal prose dump of the entire corpus, bounded by the context window (~128K tokens): corpus_store.py:2145-2154\
\
The current reasoning capture truncates to 5000 chars and is stored for observability only \'97 it's never fed back into the reasoning chain: after_model.py:74-86\
\
The current gossip swarm compresses \'97 workers independently summarise, queen merges. This is lossy. Your vision is lossless \'97 the thinker sees every atom: corpus_store.py:2514-2522\
\
The architecture: streaming fold with persistent reasoning\
The thinker becomes a fold/reduce over the corpus. Each step:\
\
Reads: [accumulated reasoning so far] + [next chunk of raw corpus]\
Outputs: updated reasoning (synthesis, gaps, contradictions, strategy)\
Persists: output is immutably written to disk (append-only reasoning log)\
Feeds forward: output becomes the "accumulated reasoning" for the next step\
This is not gossip (parallel workers \uc0\u8594  merge). This is a sequential chain where each link builds on all prior links. The swarm aspect comes from:\
\
Parallelism across angles: multiple chains can run simultaneously on different research angles, each building their own reasoning lineage\
Parallelism across iterations: as the sensory swarm feeds new data, new fold passes run over the updated corpus, building on the previous pass's final reasoning\
The key insight: the context window is no longer a limit on corpus size. It's a limit on chunk size. A 10,000-finding corpus gets processed in 200 chunks of 50, with reasoning accumulating across all 200 steps. The thinker has "seen" everything \'97 just not all at once.\
\
What already exists as building blocks\
Immutable persistence infrastructure \'97 the event store already has append-only event logging, corpus snapshots per iteration, and LLM trace capture: event_store.py:1-23\
\
Reasoning trace capture \'97 after_model_callback already extracts reasoning content from model responses, but truncates it and doesn't feed it forward: after_model.py:28-86\
\
Knowledge graph persistence \'97 JSONL-backed, append-on-mutation, entities + edges. This is already an immutable-ish knowledge structure: knowledge_graph.py:31-76\
\
The deprecated loop_synthesiser \'97 this was the closest ancestor to your vision. It was an in-loop synthesis step whose output was re-ingested into the corpus. But it was a single LLM call, not a swarm, and it was deprecated: loop_synthesiser.py:1-28\
\
DuckDB corpus with file-backed persistence \'97 the corpus already persists across sessions and supports session continuation: corpus_store.py:1-19\
\
AtomicCondition with full provenance \'97 each finding already carries parent lineage, strategy, expansion depth, angle, iteration: atomic_condition.py:1-52\
\
What needs to be built\
The core new component is a ReasoningLog \'97 an append-only, file-backed store of thinker reasoning snapshots. Each entry is immutable and carries:\
\
Version number (monotonically increasing)\
The chunk of corpus it processed\
The accumulated reasoning it inherited from the previous version\
The new reasoning it produced\
Timestamp, iteration, angle\
The thinker agent changes from a single Agent to a programmatic loop (like the search executor \'97 no LLM orchestration overhead) that:\
\
Queries the corpus for the next unprocessed chunk\
Reads the latest reasoning snapshot from the ReasoningLog\
Calls the thinker model with [latest reasoning] + [new chunk]\
Persists the output to the ReasoningLog\
Repeats until all chunks are processed\
The thinker stays pure \'97 no tools, no world awareness. It just receives text (prior reasoning + new data) and outputs text (updated reasoning). The loop machinery around it is programmatic, like the search executor.\
\
The sensory swarm (search executor + maestro) continues to dump raw data into the corpus. The thinker-fold processes it. The final output of the fold IS the synthesis \'97 no separate synthesiser needed.\
\
Implement thinker-as-fold with immutable reasoning log\
In repo OrpingtonClose/MiroThinker, implement the "thinker as constant synthesiser" architecture where the thinker is a sequential fold over the entire corpus with immutable, persisted reasoning.\
\
1. Create ReasoningLog (apps/adk-agent/models/reasoning_log.py)\
Create a new append-only, file-backed store for thinker reasoning snapshots. Each entry is immutable:\
\
\
@dataclass  \
class ReasoningSnapshot:  \
    version: int                  # monotonically increasing  \
    chunk_ids: list[int]          # which corpus finding IDs were in this chunk  \
    inherited_reasoning: str      # reasoning from version N-1 (or "" for v0)  \
    produced_reasoning: str       # this instance's output  \
    angle: str                    # research angle (for parallel chains)  \
    iteration: int                # pipeline iteration  \
    timestamp: str                # ISO timestamp\
Storage: JSONL file at $FINDINGS_DIR/reasoning_log_\{session_key\}.jsonl, one JSON object per line. Append-only \'97 never overwrite, never delete. Also store in a DuckDB table reasoning_log in the corpus database for queryability.\
\
Key methods:\
\
append(snapshot: ReasoningSnapshot) \'97 persist to both JSONL and DuckDB\
latest(angle: str = "") -> ReasoningSnapshot | None \'97 get the most recent snapshot, optionally filtered by angle\
lineage(version: int) -> list[ReasoningSnapshot] \'97 get the full chain of reasoning up to a version\
all_versions() -> list[ReasoningSnapshot] \'97 for observability/debugging\
2. Create thinker fold executor (apps/adk-agent/tools/thinker_fold.py)\
Create a programmatic executor (no LLM orchestration, similar to apps/adk-agent/tools/search_executor.py) that runs the thinker as a fold over the corpus:\
\
\
async def run_thinker_fold(state: dict) -> str:  \
    """Run the thinker as a sequential fold over the entire corpus."""\
Logic:\
\
Get the corpus from state (via _get_corpus)\
Get ALL findings from corpus (not just get_for_thinker() \'97 everything, including low-confidence, raw, etc.)\
Chunk the findings into groups that fit within the thinker model's context window minus space for accumulated reasoning (e.g., 50 findings per chunk, adjustable)\
Get the latest ReasoningSnapshot from the log (or start fresh)\
For each chunk:\
a. Build prompt: [THINKER_FOLD_INSTRUCTION] + [accumulated reasoning from previous snapshot] + [current chunk of raw findings]\
b. Call the thinker model directly (HTTP call, like corpus_store._http_complete)\
c. Persist the output as a new ReasoningSnapshot (immutable, append-only)\
d. The output becomes the "accumulated reasoning" for the next chunk\
Return the final reasoning as the thinker's output\
The thinker fold instruction should be different from the current THINKER_INSTRUCTION. It should say:\
\
"You are a continuous synthesiser. You receive your prior reasoning and a new batch of raw findings."\
"Integrate the new findings into your evolving understanding."\
"Identify what changes, what contradicts, what fills gaps, what opens new questions."\
"Your output will be persisted and become the foundation for processing the next batch."\
"You have NO tools. You have NO awareness of the external world. You only see your prior reasoning and new data."\
3. Wire the fold into the pipeline (apps/adk-agent/agents/pipeline.py)\
Replace the current thinker agent in the research loop with the fold executor. The fold runs as a before_agent_callback on the maestro (similar to how search_executor_callback runs), or as a standalone step in the SequentialAgent.\
\
In apps/adk-agent/agents/pipeline.py, change the research loop structure:\
\
Instead of thinker_agent (single LLM call), use a callback that runs run_thinker_fold(state)\
The fold's final reasoning output goes into state["research_strategy"] (same interface as before)\
The maestro and search executor continue to work exactly as they do now\
The fold also produces the synthesis \'97 so the final synthesiser can read the fold's final reasoning instead of running a separate gossip swarm\
4. Update maestro_condition_callback (apps/adk-agent/callbacks/condition_manager.py)\
In maestro_condition_callback (around line 409), stop calling corpus.format_for_thinker() to populate state["research_findings"]. Instead, the thinker fold reads directly from the corpus via get_for_thinker() (or a new get_all() method that returns everything). The research_findings state key becomes the fold's output, not a pre-formatted dump.\
\
5. Update after_model_callback (apps/adk-agent/callbacks/after_model.py)\
Stop truncating reasoning traces to 5000 chars (line 80). The full reasoning should be captured and persisted to the ReasoningLog. However, still don't feed reasoning back into the ADK conversation context \'97 the fold handles its own context management.\
\
6. Add corpus method get_all_chunked() (apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py)\
Add a method that returns ALL findings (no filtering, no exclusion) chunked into groups:\
\
\
def get_all_chunked(self, chunk_size: int = 50) -> list[list[dict]]:  \
    """Return all findings as chunks for the thinker fold."""\
This is different from get_for_thinker() which filters by quality. The thinker sees EVERYTHING \'97 the fold processes it all.\
\
7. Dashboard integration (apps/adk-agent/dashboard/collector.py)\
Add events for the thinker fold:\
\
thinker_fold_chunk \'97 emitted after each chunk is processed, with version number and chunk size\
thinker_fold_complete \'97 emitted when the fold finishes, with total versions and final reasoning length\
This enables the dashboard to show the thinker's reasoning lineage in real-time.\
\
8. Observability: reasoning lineage viewer\
In the event_store (apps/adk-agent/dashboard/event_store.py), add a table for reasoning snapshots so the SSE endpoint can stream the thinker's evolving reasoning to the dashboard. The dashboard can then show a timeline of reasoning versions, each with the chunk it processed and the reasoning it produced.\
\
Key design principles:\
The thinker sees EVERYTHING \'97 no compression, no pre-synthesis\
Reasoning is immutable \'97 append-only, persisted to disk, never overwritten\
Lineage is traceable \'97 every reasoning version knows what it inherited and what it produced\
The thinker IS the synthesiser \'97 no separate synthesis step needed\
The sensory swarm feeds raw data only \'97 no pre-digestion\
The context window limits chunk size, not corpus size\
\
\
\
\
\
The current reasoning capture truncates to 5000 chars and is stored for observability only - this is absolutely unacceptable NO TRUNCATION.\
\
Another thing, thought lineage can be a part of the flock table, where one can have a clean parent-child relationship SQL-style.\
\
Full Synthesis could also be periodically triggered so the user has a nice report to read ever once in a while and observes the progress nicely - so a similar functionality to the current synthesiser agent.\
\
\
Thinking process (9 tools used)\
Three clear, actionable points. Here's how each maps to the current code and what needs to change.\
\
1. No truncation \'97 reasoning must be preserved in full\
The offending line is after_model.py line 80:\
\
\
"reasoning": reasoning_text[:5000],  # cap to avoid state bloat\
after_model.py:78-82\
\
And line 81 truncates the response preview too:\
\
\
"response_preview": response_text[:500],\
after_model.py:78-82\
\
Both truncations must go. The full reasoning text is the thinker's thought \'97 truncating it destroys lineage. The concern about "state bloat" is valid for in-memory ADK session state, but the solution is to persist to DuckDB (point 2) rather than truncate.\
\
2. Thought lineage as a Flock table with parent-child SQL relationships\
This fits naturally into the existing DuckDB corpus. The conditions table already has parent_id, related_id, and row_type for exactly this kind of hierarchical relationship: corpus_store.py:214-228\
\
The existing row_type values are 'finding' | 'similarity' | 'contradiction' | 'raw' | 'synthesis': atomic_condition.py:45-48\
\
A new thoughts table in the same DuckDB database (alongside conditions) is cleaner than overloading conditions with a 'thought' row_type, because thoughts have different columns (full reasoning text, chunk IDs processed, fold version) that don't map to the condition schema. But the key insight is: it lives in the same DuckDB file, so the maestro can query it via execute_flock_sql(), and you get parent-child relationships via standard SQL JOINs.\
\
The schema would be something like:\
\
\
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS thoughts (  \
    id              INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,  \
    parent_id       INTEGER,          -- previous thought in the chain (NULL for root)  \
    fold_version    INTEGER NOT NULL,  -- monotonically increasing  \
    iteration       INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,  \
    angle           TEXT DEFAULT '',  \
    chunk_ids       TEXT DEFAULT '[]', -- JSON array of condition IDs processed  \
    reasoning       TEXT NOT NULL,     -- FULL text, NO truncation  \
    strategy        TEXT DEFAULT '',   -- extracted strategy output  \
    created_at      TEXT NOT NULL,  \
    FOREIGN KEY (parent_id) REFERENCES thoughts(id)  \
);\
This gives you:\
\
SELECT * FROM thoughts WHERE parent_id = 5 \'97 children of thought 5\
WITH RECURSIVE lineage AS (...) \'97 full chain of thought from any node to root\
SELECT t.*, c.fact FROM thoughts t JOIN conditions c ON c.id IN (...) \'97 what findings a thought processed\
The maestro can query and reason about the thought lineage via Flock SQL\
3. Periodic synthesis for user-visible progress reports\
The infrastructure already exists. run_swarm_synthesis(state) triggers the gossip swarm programmatically: condition_manager.py:568-605\
\
And the synthesiser agent already produces polished reports from \{corpus_for_synthesis\}: synthesiser.py:25-62\
\
Currently this only runs once, at the end, via _pre_synthesiser_swarm: pipeline.py:157-185\
\
The periodic synthesis would be triggered inside the thinker fold (e.g., every N fold steps, or every N minutes, or every iteration boundary). The output gets stored in a new synthesis_reports table in DuckDB and emitted as a dashboard event so the SSE stream can push it to the user. The dashboard already has the infrastructure for this \'97 corpus_snapshots captures iteration-level state, and the SSE endpoint streams snapshots every 500ms: event_store.py:176-190 sse.py:58-64\
\
The collector already tracks corpus growth over time and emits periodic snapshots: collector.py:607-662\
\
Implement full thought lineage in DuckDB with periodic synthesis\
In repo OrpingtonClose/MiroThinker, implement three changes:\
\
1. Remove reasoning truncation in apps/adk-agent/callbacks/after_model.py\
At line 80, remove the [:5000] truncation from reasoning capture:\
\
\
# BEFORE:  \
"reasoning": reasoning_text[:5000],  # cap to avoid state bloat  \
"response_preview": response_text[:500],  \
  \
# AFTER:  \
"reasoning": reasoning_text,  \
"response_preview": response_text,\
However, storing unbounded text in ADK session state (state["reasoning_traces"]) will cause memory issues over long runs. The fix: instead of appending to state["reasoning_traces"] (in-memory), persist directly to the DuckDB thoughts table (see point 2). The state["reasoning_traces"] list should either be removed entirely or kept as a bounded ring buffer for dashboard display only, while the full text goes to DuckDB.\
\
The after_model_callback should:\
\
Extract the full reasoning text (no truncation)\
Persist it to the thoughts table in DuckDB via the corpus store\
Optionally keep a truncated preview in state for the dashboard collector (but the full text lives in DuckDB)\
To access the corpus from after_model_callback, import _get_corpus from callbacks.condition_manager and use callback_context.state to get the corpus key.\
\
2. Create thoughts table in DuckDB corpus \'97 apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py\
In _setup_tables() (around line 213), add a new table alongside conditions:\
\
\
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS thoughts (  \
    id              INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,  \
    parent_id       INTEGER,  \
    fold_version    INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,  \
    iteration       INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,  \
    angle           TEXT DEFAULT '',  \
    chunk_ids       TEXT DEFAULT '[]',  \
    reasoning       TEXT NOT NULL,  \
    strategy        TEXT DEFAULT '',  \
    agent           TEXT DEFAULT '',  \
    created_at      TEXT NOT NULL,  \
    FOREIGN KEY (parent_id) REFERENCES thoughts(id)  \
);  \
  \
CREATE INDEX IF NOT EXISTS idx_thoughts_parent ON thoughts(parent_id);  \
CREATE INDEX IF NOT EXISTS idx_thoughts_version ON thoughts(fold_version);  \
CREATE INDEX IF NOT EXISTS idx_thoughts_iteration ON thoughts(iteration);\
Add methods to CorpusStore:\
\
insert_thought(parent_id, fold_version, iteration, angle, chunk_ids, reasoning, strategy, agent) -> int \'97 insert a thought row, return its ID\
get_thought_lineage(thought_id) -> list[dict] \'97 recursive CTE to get the full chain from a thought back to root\
get_latest_thought(angle="") -> dict | None \'97 most recent thought, optionally filtered by angle\
get_thoughts_for_iteration(iteration) -> list[dict] \'97 all thoughts from a given iteration\
The maestro already has unrestricted SQL access via execute_flock_sql(), so it can query the thoughts table directly:\
\
\
-- Full lineage of the latest thought  \
WITH RECURSIVE lineage AS (  \
    SELECT * FROM thoughts WHERE id = (SELECT MAX(id) FROM thoughts)  \
    UNION ALL  \
    SELECT t.* FROM thoughts t JOIN lineage l ON t.id = l.parent_id  \
)  \
SELECT * FROM lineage ORDER BY fold_version ASC;\
3. Wire after_model_callback to persist thoughts to DuckDB\
In apps/adk-agent/callbacks/after_model.py, modify the reasoning capture section (lines 74-86):\
\
\
if reasoning_text:  \
    agent_name = getattr(callback_context, "agent_name", "unknown")  \
      \
    # Persist FULL reasoning to DuckDB thoughts table (no truncation)  \
    try:  \
        from callbacks.condition_manager import _get_corpus  \
        corpus = _get_corpus(state)  \
          \
        # Get parent thought (previous thought from same agent)  \
        latest = corpus.get_latest_thought(angle=agent_name)  \
        parent_id = latest["id"] if latest else None  \
        fold_version = (latest["fold_version"] + 1) if latest else 0  \
        iteration = state.get("_corpus_iteration", 0)  \
          \
        corpus.insert_thought(  \
            parent_id=parent_id,  \
            fold_version=fold_version,  \
            iteration=iteration,  \
            angle=agent_name,  # use agent name as angle for now  \
            chunk_ids="[]",  \
            reasoning=reasoning_text,  # FULL, no truncation  \
            strategy=response_text,    # the visible output  \
            agent=agent_name,  \
        )  \
    except Exception:  \
        logger.warning("Failed to persist thought to DuckDB", exc_info=True)  \
      \
    # Keep a bounded preview in state for dashboard (not the source of truth)  \
    if "reasoning_traces" not in state:  \
        state["reasoning_traces"] = []  \
    state["reasoning_traces"].append(\{  \
        "agent": agent_name,  \
        "reasoning_chars": len(reasoning_text),  \
        "response_chars": len(response_text),  \
    \})\
4. Periodic synthesis reports \'97 apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py + pipeline\
Add a synthesis_reports table in _setup_tables():\
\
\
CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS synthesis_reports (  \
    id              INTEGER PRIMARY KEY,  \
    iteration       INTEGER NOT NULL,  \
    fold_version    INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,  \
    report          TEXT NOT NULL,  \
    conditions_count INTEGER NOT NULL DEFAULT 0,  \
    created_at      TEXT NOT NULL  \
);\
Add method to CorpusStore:\
\
insert_synthesis_report(iteration, fold_version, report, conditions_count) -> int\
get_latest_synthesis_report() -> dict | None\
get_synthesis_reports() -> list[dict] \'97 all reports, newest first\
5. Trigger periodic synthesis in the pipeline\
In apps/adk-agent/callbacks/condition_manager.py, in maestro_condition_callback() (around line 386), after refreshing the corpus state, check if it's time for a periodic synthesis:\
\
\
# After updating state with corpus (line 410-411):  \
iteration = state.get("_corpus_iteration", 0)  \
synthesis_interval = int(os.environ.get("SYNTHESIS_INTERVAL", "1"))  # every N iterations  \
  \
if iteration > 0 and iteration % synthesis_interval == 0:  \
    # Run swarm synthesis and store as a progress report  \
    try:  \
        swarm_report = run_swarm_synthesis(state)  \
        if swarm_report and swarm_report.strip():  \
            corpus.insert_synthesis_report(  \
                iteration=iteration,  \
                fold_version=0,  \
                report=swarm_report,  \
                conditions_count=corpus.count(),  \
            )  \
            # Emit to dashboard  \
            if _c:  \
                _c.emit_event("periodic_synthesis", data=\{  \
                    "iteration": iteration,  \
                    "report_length": len(swarm_report),  \
                    "conditions_count": corpus.count(),  \
                \})  \
    except Exception:  \
        logger.warning("Periodic synthesis failed (non-fatal)", exc_info=True)\
6. Expose synthesis reports via dashboard\
In apps/adk-agent/dashboard/sse.py or apps/adk-agent/dashboard/event_store.py, add a reader for synthesis reports so the dashboard can display them. Add an endpoint like GET /dashboard/synthesis/\{session_id\} that reads from the synthesis_reports table in the corpus DuckDB.\
\
Alternatively, include the latest synthesis report in the SSE snapshot by adding it to the collector's _snapshot_unlocked() method in apps/adk-agent/dashboard/collector.py. The collector would need to read the latest synthesis report from the corpus DuckDB and include it in the snapshot payload.\
\
In apps/dashboard/src/types.ts, add latest_synthesis_report?: string to the DashboardSnapshot interface so the frontend can render it.\
\
Key design principles:\
NO truncation of reasoning \'97 ever. Full text goes to DuckDB.\
Thought lineage lives in the Flock table (DuckDB), queryable via SQL with parent-child JOINs and recursive CTEs\
Periodic synthesis gives the user a readable progress report at regular intervals\
The maestro can query both conditions and thoughts tables via execute_flock_sql()\
Everything is in the same DuckDB file \'97 one database, full SQL access, Flock-powered\
\
\
\
\
\
One comment, this "lineage of thought" is similar to what i thought the flockl table looked like currently, as every single row usually has a very clear parent tied to it\
\
\
Thinking process (4 tools used)\
You're right \'97 the conditions table is already exactly this pattern. Every row has parent_id and related_id for hierarchical relationships, and row_type discriminates between different kinds of atoms ('finding', 'similarity', 'contradiction', 'raw', 'synthesis'):\
\
\
-- Hierarchical relationships (parent-child in the SAME table)  \
parent_id INTEGER,  \
related_id INTEGER,\
corpus_store.py:222-227\
\
Similarity rows already use this exact pattern \'97 a similarity row's parent_id points to one condition, related_id to the other: corpus_store.py:986-995\
\
Contradiction pairs, raw ingestion rows, synthesis rows \'97 all the same pattern. The single-table architecture was explicitly designed for this: atomic_condition.py:45-48\
\
So there's no reason to create a separate thoughts table. A thought is just another atom in the corpus:\
\
Column	Thought usage\
fact	Full reasoning text (NO truncation \'97 TEXT has no limit)\
row_type	'thought'\
parent_id	Previous thought in the chain (lineage)\
related_id	Optional \'97 the chunk/finding IDs this thought was responding to\
iteration	Pipeline iteration\
angle	Research angle or agent name\
strategy	Extracted strategy output\
consider_for_use	TRUE \'97 the thinker reads its own prior thoughts\
confidence, trust_score, etc.	Flock can score thoughts just like findings\
expansion_depth	Fold depth in the reasoning chain\
Then lineage queries are just standard SQL on the existing table:\
\
\
-- Full thought lineage from latest to root  \
WITH RECURSIVE lineage AS (  \
    SELECT * FROM conditions   \
    WHERE id = (SELECT MAX(id) FROM conditions WHERE row_type = 'thought')  \
    UNION ALL  \
    SELECT c.* FROM conditions c JOIN lineage l ON c.id = l.parent_id  \
    WHERE c.row_type = 'thought'  \
)  \
SELECT * FROM lineage ORDER BY id ASC;\
The maestro already has unrestricted SQL access and already knows the full column list including parent_id, related_id, and row_type: maestro.py:66-74\
\
The only thing to note: ingest_raw truncates the raw text to 2000 chars (raw_text[:2000]) on the raw row, but that's specific to the raw ingestion path, not a schema constraint: corpus_store.py:2349-2355\
\
Thought rows would bypass ingest_raw entirely \'97 they'd use a dedicated admit_thought() method (or just admit() with row_type='thought') that writes the full reasoning text without any truncation.\
\
The AtomicCondition dataclass just needs 'thought' added to its row_type options: atomic_condition.py:29-48\
\
Add thought row_type to conditions table for reasoning lineage\
In repo OrpingtonClose/MiroThinker, implement thought lineage as rows in the existing conditions table using row_type='thought', following the same parent-child pattern already used by similarity, contradiction, raw, and synthesis rows.\
\
1. Update AtomicCondition dataclass \'97 apps/adk-agent/models/atomic_condition.py\
Update the row_type comment on line 46 to include 'thought':\
\
\
row_type: str = "finding"  # 'finding' | 'similarity' | 'contradiction' | 'raw' | 'synthesis' | 'thought'\
2. Add admit_thought() to CorpusStore \'97 apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py\
Add a method that inserts a thought row with NO truncation on the fact field:\
\
\
def admit_thought(  \
    self,  \
    reasoning: str,  \
    parent_thought_id: int | None = None,  \
    related_finding_ids: list[int] | None = None,  \
    angle: str = "",  \
    strategy: str = "",  \
    iteration: int = 0,  \
    expansion_depth: int = 0,  \
) -> int:  \
    """Insert a thought row into the conditions table.  \
      \
    The full reasoning text goes into `fact` with NO truncation.  \
    parent_id links to the previous thought in the chain (lineage).  \
    related_id can link to a finding this thought was responding to.  \
    """  \
    cid = self._next_id  \
    self._next_id += 1  \
    now = datetime.now(timezone.utc).isoformat()  \
    self.conn.execute(  \
        """INSERT INTO conditions  \
           (id, fact, row_type, parent_id, related_id,  \
            consider_for_use, angle, strategy,  \
            expansion_depth, created_at, iteration)  \
           VALUES (?, ?, 'thought', ?, ?, TRUE, ?, ?, ?, ?, ?)""",  \
        [  \
            cid, reasoning,  # FULL text, no truncation  \
            parent_thought_id,  \
            related_finding_ids[0] if related_finding_ids else None,  \
            angle, strategy, expansion_depth, now, iteration,  \
        ],  \
    )  \
    return cid\
Add a lineage query method:\
\
\
def get_thought_lineage(self, thought_id: int | None = None) -> list[dict]:  \
    """Get the full chain of thought from a given thought back to root.  \
    If thought_id is None, starts from the latest thought."""  \
    if thought_id is None:  \
        row = self.conn.execute(  \
            "SELECT id FROM conditions WHERE row_type = 'thought' ORDER BY id DESC LIMIT 1"  \
        ).fetchone()  \
        if not row:  \
            return []  \
        thought_id = row[0]  \
      \
    rows = self.conn.execute("""  \
        WITH RECURSIVE lineage AS (  \
            SELECT * FROM conditions WHERE id = ? AND row_type = 'thought'  \
            UNION ALL  \
            SELECT c.* FROM conditions c   \
            JOIN lineage l ON c.id = l.parent_id  \
            WHERE c.row_type = 'thought'  \
        )  \
        SELECT * FROM lineage ORDER BY id ASC  \
    """, [thought_id]).fetchall()  \
    # Convert to dicts using column names  \
    cols = [desc[0] for desc in self.conn.description]  \
    return [dict(zip(cols, row)) for row in rows]\
Add a method to get the latest thought:\
\
\
def get_latest_thought(self, angle: str = "") -> dict | None:  \
    """Get the most recent thought, optionally filtered by angle."""  \
    if angle:  \
        row = self.conn.execute(  \
            "SELECT * FROM conditions WHERE row_type = 'thought' AND angle = ? ORDER BY id DESC LIMIT 1",  \
            [angle],  \
        ).fetchone()  \
    else:  \
        row = self.conn.execute(  \
            "SELECT * FROM conditions WHERE row_type = 'thought' ORDER BY id DESC LIMIT 1"  \
        ).fetchone()  \
    if not row:  \
        return None  \
    cols = [desc[0] for desc in self.conn.description]  \
    return dict(zip(cols, row))\
3. Remove reasoning truncation \'97 apps/adk-agent/callbacks/after_model.py\
At lines 78-82, replace the truncated state storage with full persistence to DuckDB:\
\
\
if reasoning_text:  \
    agent_name = getattr(callback_context, "agent_name", "unknown")  \
      \
    # Persist FULL reasoning to DuckDB as a thought row (no truncation)  \
    try:  \
        from callbacks.condition_manager import _get_corpus  \
        corpus = _get_corpus(state)  \
          \
        latest = corpus.get_latest_thought(angle=agent_name)  \
        parent_id = latest["id"] if latest else None  \
        depth = (latest["expansion_depth"] + 1) if latest else 0  \
        iteration = state.get("_corpus_iteration", 0)  \
          \
        corpus.admit_thought(  \
            reasoning=reasoning_text,  # FULL, no truncation  \
            parent_thought_id=parent_id,  \
            angle=agent_name,  \
            strategy=response_text,  # the visible output  \
            iteration=iteration,  \
            expansion_depth=depth,  \
        )  \
    except Exception:  \
        logger.warning("Failed to persist thought to DuckDB", exc_info=True)  \
      \
    # Keep a lightweight reference in state for dashboard (not the source of truth)  \
    if "reasoning_traces" not in state:  \
        state["reasoning_traces"] = []  \
    state["reasoning_traces"].append(\{  \
        "agent": agent_name,  \
        "thought_parent_id": parent_id,  \
        "reasoning_chars": len(reasoning_text),  \
    \})\
4. Update consumer queries to exclude thoughts where appropriate\
In get_for_thinker() and get_for_synthesiser() methods in corpus_store.py, ensure the WHERE clauses handle row_type = 'thought' appropriately. The thinker SHOULD see its own prior thoughts (they have consider_for_use = TRUE). The synthesiser may or may not want to see them \'97 this is a design choice. Add AND row_type != 'thought' to the synthesiser query if thoughts should be excluded from the final report synthesis.\
\
5. Periodic synthesis reports\
In apps/adk-agent/callbacks/condition_manager.py, in maestro_condition_callback() (around line 386), after refreshing corpus state, check if it's time for a periodic synthesis. Use run_swarm_synthesis(state) and store the result as a row_type='synthesis' row in the conditions table (this row type already exists). Emit a dashboard event so the SSE stream can push it to the user. The synthesis row's parent_id can point to the latest thought, linking the synthesis to the reasoning chain that produced it.\
\
Add a configurable interval via env var SYNTHESIS_INTERVAL (default 1 = every iteration). The synthesis runs after the maestro finishes and before the next thinker iteration.\
\
6. Update maestro instruction \'97 apps/adk-agent/agents/maestro.py\
Update the column list in the maestro instruction (around line 72) to mention row_type values now include 'thought', so the maestro knows it can query the thought lineage:\
\
\
Row types: 'finding' (research facts), 'similarity' (relationship),   \
'contradiction' (relationship), 'raw' (unprocessed), 'synthesis' (merged),   \
'thought' (thinker reasoning \'97 parent_id chains form lineage of thought)\
This way the maestro can query thought lineage via execute_flock_sql() and use it to inform its corpus operations.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
What if the "injected context" is just new agents intorduced to the swarm with curated contexts.\
\
\
Thinking process (4 tools used)\
This is a natural evolution of what the gossip swarm already does \'97 and it's arguably a cleaner abstraction than text injection.\
\
The pattern already exists in embryonic form\
The gossip swarm workers in _synthesise_gossip are exactly this: dynamically created agents, each with a curated context (one angle's findings + peer summaries), introduced to process a specific slice of the corpus: corpus_store.py:2528-2555\
\
Each worker gets a curated prompt: "You are a synthesis worker... here are YOUR findings for this angle." It doesn't know about the full corpus \'97 it only sees what it was given. Its output is then refined with peer awareness (phase 2) and merged by the queen (phase 3). corpus_store.py:2562-2586\
\
The run_decompose mode does the same thing at a higher level \'97 it dynamically spawns parallel sub-report agents, each with a curated prompt containing the original question + a specific sub-question: main.py:1114-1155\
\
And expose_sub_agents_as_tools in the miroflow agent already converts agent configurations into tool definitions that the main agent can invoke \'97 agents-as-tools: settings.py:383-418\
\
What this means for the thinker architecture\
Instead of:\
\
Injecting text into \{research_findings\} (current approach)\
Running a fold over the corpus (previous discussion)\
You'd do:\
\
Spawn specialist agents with curated contexts, each carrying a specific slice of knowledge\
Introduce them to the swarm \'97 their output goes into the corpus as row_type='thought' rows\
The thinker reads their contributions \'97 not raw findings, but agent-produced reasoning\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Why this is better than text injection\
Text injection	Agent injection\
Context window	Single agent must hold everything	Each agent has its own window\
Specialization	One prompt tries to cover everything	Each agent is a domain specialist\
Parallelism	Sequential \'97 one agent processes all	Parallel \'97 multiple agents process simultaneously\
Lineage	Hard to trace which text influenced what	Each agent's output is a distinct row_type='thought' row with parent_id\
Reactivity	Static \'97 injected at fixed points	Dynamic \'97 agents spawned based on what the thinker needs\
Composability	Monolithic prompt engineering	Modular \'97 add/remove agents without changing the thinker\
How it maps to the existing architecture\
The key realization: the maestro is the natural agent spawner. It already has unrestricted Flock SQL access and can see the full corpus state. Today it runs scoring, dedup, and clustering. In this pattern, it would also:\
\
Read the thinker's strategy and the corpus state\
Decide what specialist agents are needed (e.g., "the thinker is pondering pricing but we have 200 pricing findings across 5 angles \'97 spawn a pricing specialist to digest them")\
Spawn agents with curated contexts (SQL query \uc0\u8594  filtered findings \u8594  agent prompt)\
Collect their output and insert it as row_type='thought' rows in the conditions table\
The maestro already has execute_flock_sql() which can run LLM calls inside SQL. A Flock llm_complete() call with a curated context IS essentially a specialist agent \'97 it's an LLM call with a specific prompt and a specific slice of data. The gossip workers are already implemented this way (via _http_complete). maestro.py:1-34\
\
So the implementation path is:\
\
The maestro reads the thinker's strategy\
It queries the corpus to identify clusters/angles that need specialist reasoning\
For each cluster, it runs a Flock llm_complete() with a curated prompt (the "agent")\
The output is inserted as row_type='thought' with parent_id linking to the relevant findings\
The thinker reads these thought rows on the next iteration \'97 it sees specialist reasoning, not raw data\
The thinker stays pure. It never touches tools. It never sees the raw corpus. It sees agent-produced thoughts \'97 curated, specialized reasoning from dynamically spawned specialists. The "injected context" is the specialist agent itself.\
\
The elegant part\
This collapses the distinction between "data" and "reasoning" in the corpus. Today, the conditions table has findings (data) and the thinker produces strategy (reasoning), and they live in different places (conditions table vs state["research_strategy"]). With agent injection:\
\
Findings are row_type='finding' \'97 raw data from search\
Thoughts are row_type='thought' \'97 reasoning from specialist agents\
The thinker reads BOTH \'97 it sees a unified corpus of data + reasoning\
New agents = new thoughts = new context for the thinker\
"Injecting dynamic context" literally becomes "inserting a new agent's thought into the conditions table." The Flock table IS the shared consciousness of the swarm. corpus_store.py:214-228\
\
The current pipeline structure \'97 LoopAgent(thinker, maestro) \'97 doesn't even need to change. The maestro already runs after the thinker and before the next thinker iteration. It just gains a new responsibility: spawning specialist agents (via Flock LLM calls) and inserting their thoughts into the corpus. The thinker sees richer context on the next iteration because new thought rows appeared. pipeline.py:223-227\
\
\
\
\
\
\
This beautifully make the thought swarm completely tool free - an oblivious idiot god of pondering endlessly, observed by tending servants.\
\
The pipeline becomse continuous instead of fixed set of phases, which opens up design space on time horizon of different analysis, allowing for services that might takle even an hour to complete (deep research of openai).\
\
the relationship between flock and this mechanism needs further pondering. It's a tool for efficient managment of all knowledge and taks managmenet that is divisible into even abject towards programming blocks, which isn't usually true in regular architecture. Queries as blocks of utility easily devisable and altered iupon need, so this seperation of riles must still happen. But will the periodic flush of the entire flock table into the thought swarm is under question.\
\
Also, the main intention on the swarm was that it was supposed ton be a completely mutable set of agents because the idea is a flexible context capable of containing arbitrarily large context with full, conversaiatinal understanding\
\
\
Thinking process (4 tools used)\
You're raising four interconnected architectural points. Let me address each, particularly the Flock boundary question which is the most nuanced.\
\
1. The thinker as oblivious idiot god\
This is already almost true. The thinker has zero tools and is explicitly told it cannot search, scrape, or browse: thinker.py:45-48\
\
The gap is that it currently knows it's in a pipeline \'97 it references finding IDs, talks about "downstream researcher agents," and is aware of iteration structure. True obliviousness means the thinker doesn't even know there's a pipeline. It just receives thoughts and ponders.\
\
2. Continuous pipeline \'97 removing the phase boundary\
The current pipeline is hard-capped at 3 iterations with a fixed sequential structure: pipeline.py:223-227\
\
But the infrastructure for long-running, progress-based execution already exists. The stall detector is heartbeat-based \'97 "run as long as you keep making progress; die if you go silent": main.py:26-31\
\
And the AG-UI server already sets a 24-hour execution timeout: server.py:371-375\
\
The cost tracker already enforces session and monthly budgets for expensive tools \'97 this becomes the natural termination condition instead of max_iterations: cost_tracker.py:35-47\
\
So the shift from "3 fixed iterations" to "continuous until budget/evidence/time" is mostly about removing max_iterations=3 and letting EVIDENCE_SUFFICIENT + budget limits be the only exit conditions. The heartbeat stall detector already handles the "is it still making progress?" question.\
\
3. The Flock boundary \'97 this is the hard question\
You're right to flag this. There are two distinct roles that must stay separated:\
\
Flock = structured data management. SQL queries as atomic blocks of utility. Scoring, dedup, clustering, contradiction detection, cross-referencing. These are mechanical operations on the corpus \'97 divisible, composable, alterable. The maestro wields Flock as a tool: maestro.py:1-34\
\
Flock's llm_complete inside SQL is a utility primitive \'97 it's an LLM call embedded in a data pipeline, not a reasoning agent: corpus_store.py:565-622\
\
Thought swarm = reasoning agents with conversational understanding. Each agent has processed its data, formed conclusions, identified gaps. It carries understanding, not just data.\
\
The question of "periodic flush of the entire Flock table into the thought swarm" is really asking: what is the interface between structured data and living understanding?\
\
I think the answer is: Flock and the thought swarm operate on different planes, and the maestro is the bridge.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The key insight: you don't flush the Flock table into the swarm. The maestro reads the Flock table and decides which agents to spawn. The maestro sees:\
\
"There are 200 new findings about pricing that haven't been reasoned about yet"\
"The pricing agent's last thought is 3 iterations old \'97 it's stale"\
"Spawn a new pricing agent with the latest 200 findings"\
The agent processes those findings (conversational understanding, not just a data dump), produces a row_type='thought' row, and that thought goes back into the Flock table. The thinker reads thought rows, not finding rows. The Flock table is the shared substrate \'97 but findings and thoughts are different row types with different semantics.\
\
Flock SQL stays as utility blocks: scoring a finding's trust_score, detecting contradictions between findings, clustering similar findings \'97 these are mechanical Flock operations. They don't need a reasoning agent.\
\
Thought swarm agents do what Flock can't: forming narrative understanding, identifying non-obvious connections, reasoning about what's missing, integrating contradictory evidence into a coherent picture. These need conversational depth, not SQL.\
\
The separation: Flock processes data. The swarm processes meaning.\
\
4. Mutable agent set as flexible context\
This is the most powerful idea. The swarm IS the context. Each agent is a piece of context with conversational understanding. The swarm's properties:\
\
Property	What it means\
Mutable	Agents can be created, destroyed, updated at any time\
Flexible	The swarm grows/shrinks based on what the research needs\
Arbitrarily large	No single context window limit \'97 add more agents\
Conversational understanding	Each agent has processed its data, not just stored it\
This is fundamentally different from a context window. A context window holds text. An agent holds understanding. When you add 50 findings to a context window, you get 50 more lines of text. When you spawn an agent with 50 findings, you get a reasoned analysis of those findings \'97 gaps identified, contradictions noted, connections drawn.\
\
The mutable swarm also solves the staleness problem. In a static context window, old information sits there forever, consuming tokens. In a mutable swarm, the maestro can:\
\
Retire agents whose understanding is superseded by newer data\
Merge agents whose domains overlap (two pricing agents \uc0\u8594  one consolidated pricing agent)\
Split agents whose domain has grown too large (one "market" agent \uc0\u8594  separate "pricing" + "competition" + "regulation" agents)\
Refresh agents with new data (the pricing agent gets 50 new findings \uc0\u8594  re-process and update)\
The gossip swarm workers are the embryonic form of this \'97 dynamically created agents with curated contexts: corpus_store.py:2528-2555\
\
But they're ephemeral (created for synthesis, then discarded) and single-purpose (synthesis only). The thought swarm agents would be persistent (their understanding lives as row_type='thought' rows in the Flock table) and multi-purpose (they reason, not just synthesise).\
\
The open question you're raising\
The tension is: if the swarm agents write their understanding back to the Flock table as row_type='thought' rows, and the thinker reads those rows... then the Flock table becomes the medium through which the swarm communicates with the thinker. The "periodic flush" question becomes: how often does the maestro read the Flock table, decide the swarm is stale, and spawn new/updated agents?\
\
In a continuous pipeline (no fixed phases), this becomes event-driven:\
\
New findings arrive \uc0\u8594  maestro checks which angles are affected \u8594  spawns/refreshes relevant agents\
Thinker produces strategy \uc0\u8594  maestro reads it \u8594  spawns agents for the angles the thinker is pondering about\
An agent's thought is N iterations old \uc0\u8594  maestro retires it and spawns a fresh one with current data\
The Flock table is never "flushed" wholesale into the swarm. Instead, the maestro continuously manages the swarm \'97 it's the gardener tending the agents, deciding which to plant, prune, or replant based on the corpus state and the thinker's needs.\
\
This is where the "continuous pipeline" and "mutable swarm" ideas converge: the pipeline is continuous because the maestro is always tending the swarm, and the swarm is mutable because the maestro is always adjusting it based on what the thinker needs and what the corpus contains. maestro.py:46-64\
\
The maestro's instruction would evolve from "run these 8 scoring steps" to "manage the thought swarm \'97 read the corpus, read the thinker's strategy, decide which agents need to exist, spawn them, retire stale ones, and keep the thinker fed with fresh understanding." maestro.py:143-167\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Thinking the thought swarm will be untouchabe by external processess BUT by introduction of data bearing agents. Tending to the agentic garden by the Maestro is a very nice idea tho and puts the maestro into a leading role. can't gauge whjih is better to be frank, but lets now assume that teh thought swarm is a diety that can only receive data gifts desquised as one of their own. the thougth swarm does not read the table. All contact is via introducing agetns with data. - the architecture of the swarm becomes baramount as it seems that max0-reasonong algorithms seem incredibly more useful. This intuitively entails constant gossip, with possible immutable part of their contextxts that they never lose OR by relying on the fact that every single mutation of their context is recorded in the flock table (unknown by the thought agents). this allows for academic detachment - the maestro can't just kill thougts it doesn't like - it has to convince the thought swarm by introducing data.\
\
The ideal architecture seems a continuous one, but seeing tests that are being done now, this fixed nature of a run produces exceptional result, and the fact one can go even more with enrichment is just great in a user interface kind of situation where a user asks for something , then comments on the result possibly expanding them arbitrarily, truly wounderfiul.\
\
this is also possible ina. continuous architecture, but has more rought edges that needs figuring out, so we will skip this for now. I'll let you propose how to reconcile this\
\
\
Thinking process (8 tools used)\
The reconciliation is more natural than it might seem. The two architectures aren't in tension \'97 they operate at different layers.\
\
The core insight: runs are episodes, the swarm is eternal\
The DuckDB file already persists after each run:\
\
\
def cleanup_corpus(state):  \
    """Close the CorpusStore connection for a completed pipeline run.  \
    The DuckDB file is preserved on disk so the corpus can be reopened  \
    later for session continuation or post-hoc analysis."""\
condition_manager.py:608-613\
\
A "run" is a bounded episode of tending to the thought swarm. The thought swarm's reasoning (as row_type='thought' rows in the conditions table) persists across episodes. The user sees discrete reports; the underlying reasoning is continuous.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Each run opens the same DuckDB file, finds the existing thought lineage, introduces new data-bearing agents, and the thought swarm integrates them. The synthesiser snapshots the swarm's current understanding into a report. The swarm doesn't care about run boundaries \'97 it just keeps accumulating reasoning.\
\
The reconciliation: two rules, one mechanism\
Rule 1: The thought swarm is sovereign. Thought rows (row_type='thought') are never updated or marked consider_for_use=FALSE by any external process. They are immutable once written. The maestro cannot kill, edit, or suppress thoughts. This is enforced structurally \'97 the maestro's execute_flock_sql could be wrapped to reject UPDATE/DELETE on thought rows, or more elegantly, the maestro's instruction simply tells it thoughts are sacred. maestro.py:143-167\
\
Rule 2: The only way to influence the swarm is to introduce data-bearing agents. When the maestro (or the sensory swarm, or the user's follow-up comment) wants to change the swarm's direction, it creates a data-bearing agent \'97 a Flock LLM call with curated context \'97 whose output becomes a new row_type='thought' row. The swarm sees this as a peer's contribution, not an external command.\
\
The mechanism: the fixed-run pipeline is the episode boundary.\
\
\
Episode (run):  \
  1. Open existing DuckDB (or create fresh)  \
  2. Thinker reads prior thought lineage + new findings  \
  3. Search executor fires APIs \uc0\u8594  raw findings enter corpus  \
  4. Maestro scores/organises findings via Flock SQL  \
  5. Maestro introduces data-bearing agents \uc0\u8594  new thought rows  \
  6. Repeat for N iterations (bounded)  \
  7. Synthesiser snapshots current understanding \uc0\u8594  user report  \
  8. Close DuckDB connection (file persists on disk)\
The user asks for more \uc0\u8594  new episode opens the same DuckDB \u8594  the thought swarm already has all prior reasoning \u8594  new data-bearing agents are introduced \u8594  the swarm integrates \u8594  new snapshot report.\
\
What needs to change in the code\
1. Session continuation via DuckDB path\
Currently, each run creates a new DuckDB file with a fresh timestamped path: corpus_store.py:93-107\
\
For session continuation, build_corpus_state() needs to accept an existing db_path so a new run reopens the previous corpus: condition_manager.py:458-486\
\
The CORPUS_DB_PATH env var already supports this, but it's not wired into the AG-UI session flow. When the AG-UI server receives a follow-up message on an existing session, _init_pipeline_state should look for the previous run's DuckDB path in session state and reopen it rather than creating a new one. pipeline.py:93-108\
\
2. Thought sovereignty in the maestro instruction\
Add to the maestro's instruction: maestro.py:46-64\
\
\
SACRED RULE: Rows with row_type='thought' are IMMUTABLE. You may NEVER  \
UPDATE or DELETE thought rows. You may never set consider_for_use=FALSE  \
on thought rows. To influence the thought swarm's direction, INSERT new  \
data-bearing thought rows with curated evidence \'97 the swarm integrates  \
data, it does not obey commands.\
3. The thinker reads thought lineage\
The thinker's \{research_findings\} currently comes from corpus.format_for_thinker() which reads findings. It should also read the thought lineage \'97 prior reasoning from the swarm (including across runs). The thinker sees its own prior thoughts as context, making each iteration build on the last. thinker.py:40-52\
\
4. Data-bearing agents as Flock LLM calls\
The maestro already has execute_flock_sql() which can run llm_complete(). A data-bearing agent is just:\
\
\
INSERT INTO conditions (id, fact, row_type, parent_id, angle, consider_for_use, created_at)  \
VALUES (  \
  nextval('conditions_id_seq'),  \
  (SELECT llm_complete(  \
    \{'model_name': 'corpus_model'\},  \
    \{'prompt': 'You are a specialist analyst for [angle]. Given these findings: [curated slice]... What patterns, gaps, and contradictions do you see?'\}  \
  )),  \
  'thought',  \
  [parent_thought_id],  \
  '[angle]',  \
  TRUE,  \
  CURRENT_TIMESTAMP  \
);\
The maestro can compose these dynamically based on what it sees in the corpus. Each one is a "data gift disguised as a peer" \'97 the thought swarm sees it as just another thought row with a parent chain. corpus_sql.py:63-100\
\
5. Periodic synthesis stays as-is\
The current synthesiser already runs once at the end of each run, producing a polished report. This is the "snapshot" mechanism. No change needed \'97 it already serves the "user sees a nice report" requirement. For longer runs (more iterations), the periodic synthesis discussed earlier can be added as an additional mechanism. pipeline.py:237-259\
\
Why this works\
The fixed-run architecture gives you:\
\
Predictable UX: ask \uc0\u8594  wait \u8594  get report \u8594  comment \u8594  get expanded report\
Bounded cost: each run has max_iterations and a cost budget\
Clean deliverables: the synthesiser produces a polished report at each boundary\
The thought swarm gives you:\
\
Unlimited reasoning depth: across runs, the thought lineage grows without bound\
Academic detachment: the maestro can't corrupt reasoning, only introduce evidence\
Immutable lineage: every thought is preserved, traceable, queryable via SQL\
Arbitrarily large context: the swarm collectively holds more than any single context window\
The DuckDB file is the bridge. It's the thought swarm's persistent memory. Each run is an episode of tending to it. The execution_timeout_seconds=86400 already allows runs up to 24 hours: server.py:371-375\
\
And the stall detector already allows indefinite execution as long as progress is being made: main.py:26-31\
\
So a single run can already be as long as needed. The "fixed" nature is in the iteration count and the fact that it produces a report at the end \'97 not in a hard time limit. The user can always ask for more, and the next run picks up where the thought swarm left off.\
\
The continuous architecture you described is the limit case: max_iterations=\uc0\u8734 , no synthesiser boundary, the swarm runs forever. The fixed-run architecture is the practical case: max_iterations=3, synthesiser at the end, user reviews and optionally continues. Both use the same thought swarm, the same DuckDB, the same immutable lineage. The only difference is where you put the episode boundaries.\
\
Implement thought swarm with session-continuous DuckDB and sovereign thought rows\
In repo OrpingtonClose/MiroThinker, implement the thought swarm architecture within the existing fixed-run pipeline, using the DuckDB conditions table for persistent thought lineage across runs.\
\
1. Add row_type='thought' support to the conditions table\
In apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py:\
\
Update _setup_tables() \'97 no schema change needed (the conditions table already supports arbitrary row_type values and parent_id chains)\
Add method admit_thought(reasoning, parent_thought_id, angle, strategy, iteration, expansion_depth, related_finding_ids=None) -> int that INSERTs a new row with row_type='thought', consider_for_use=TRUE, and the full reasoning text in fact (NO truncation)\
Add method get_thought_lineage(thought_id=None) -> list[dict] using a recursive CTE on parent_id to trace the full chain of thought\
Add method get_latest_thought(angle="") -> dict | None to get the most recent thought row\
Add method format_thoughts_for_thinker() -> str that formats the thought lineage as prose for the thinker's context (separate from format_for_thinker() which formats findings)\
2. Update format_for_thinker() to include thought lineage\
In apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py, modify format_for_thinker() (around line 2145) to append a "PRIOR REASONING" section that includes the thought lineage. The thinker should see both findings AND prior thoughts. Alternatively, create a new method format_full_context_for_thinker() that combines findings + thoughts.\
\
3. Remove reasoning truncation\
In apps/adk-agent/callbacks/after_model.py (lines 78-82), remove the [:5000] truncation on reasoning_text and [:500] on response_text. Instead, persist the FULL reasoning to DuckDB as a row_type='thought' row via corpus.admit_thought(). Keep only a lightweight reference (char count, thought ID) in the in-memory session state to avoid state bloat.\
\
The modified code should:\
\
Get the corpus via _get_corpus(state)\
Get the latest thought for this agent via corpus.get_latest_thought(angle=agent_name)\
Insert the full reasoning as a new thought row with parent_id pointing to the previous thought\
Store only \{"agent": agent_name, "thought_id": new_id, "reasoning_chars": len(reasoning_text)\} in state["reasoning_traces"]\
4. Session continuation via DuckDB path\
In apps/adk-agent/callbacks/condition_manager.py:\
\
Modify build_corpus_state(db_path="") to store the generated db_path in the returned state dict\
In apps/adk-agent/agents/pipeline.py, modify _init_pipeline_state() to check if a previous corpus DB path exists in session state (from a prior run). If so, reopen that DuckDB file instead of creating a new one. This enables the thought swarm to persist across runs when the user comments on results and asks for expansion.\
In apps/adk-agent/server.py, ensure the AG-UI session preserves the corpus DB path across messages so follow-up messages reopen the same DuckDB.\
\
5. Thought sovereignty in maestro instruction\
In apps/adk-agent/agents/maestro.py, add to MAESTRO_INSTRUCTION (around line 46):\
\
\
SACRED RULE: Rows with row_type='thought' are IMMUTABLE. You may NEVER  \
UPDATE, DELETE, or set consider_for_use=FALSE on thought rows. To influence  \
the direction of reasoning, INSERT new thought rows with curated evidence  \
using Flock llm_complete \'97 these are "data-bearing agents" whose output  \
the thought swarm integrates as peer contributions.  \
  \
Example \'97 introducing a data-bearing agent:  \
  INSERT INTO conditions (id, fact, row_type, parent_id, angle, consider_for_use, created_at)  \
  SELECT nextval('seq'), llm_complete(\{'model_name': 'corpus_model'\},  \
    \{'prompt': 'You are a [angle] specialist. Given: [findings]... Analyse patterns and gaps.'\}),  \
    'thought', [latest_thought_id], '[angle]', TRUE, CURRENT_TIMESTAMP;\
Also update the row_type documentation in the maestro instruction (around line 72) to include 'thought' and explain that thought rows form parent-child lineage chains.\
\
6. Update execute_flock_sql safety check\
In apps/adk-agent/tools/corpus_sql.py, add a soft guard in execute_flock_sql() that warns (but doesn't block \'97 the maestro is trusted) if a query attempts to UPDATE or DELETE rows with row_type='thought'. Log a warning so thought sovereignty violations are visible in observability.\
\
7. Update thinker instruction\
In apps/adk-agent/agents/thinker.py, update THINKER_INSTRUCTION to acknowledge that the corpus may contain row_type='thought' rows from prior reasoning (including from previous runs). Add a section like:\
\
\
The corpus may contain PRIOR REASONING from previous iterations or runs.  \
These are thoughts from specialist analysts who have already processed  \
subsets of the findings. Treat them as peer contributions \'97 integrate  \
their insights, challenge their conclusions where evidence warrants,  \
and build on their analysis. Your reasoning will also be preserved for  \
future iterations.\
Remove the instruction to "reference specific finding IDs" (line 89-90) and replace with guidance to reference both finding IDs and thought lineage.\
\
8. Update consumer queries\
In apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py:\
\
get_for_thinker() should include row_type='thought' rows (the thinker sees everything including prior reasoning)\
get_for_synthesiser() should EXCLUDE row_type='thought' rows (the synthesiser works from findings, not internal reasoning) \'97 or include them with a clear "REASONING CONTEXT" section separate from findings\
Design principles:\
Thought rows are IMMUTABLE \'97 append-only, never updated or deleted\
The DuckDB file bridges fixed runs \'97 each run is an episode, the thought swarm is eternal\
The maestro influences the swarm only by introducing data-bearing agents (Flock LLM calls whose output becomes thought rows)\
The thinker reads both findings and prior thoughts \'97 it sees the full accumulated understanding\
The synthesiser snapshots the current state into a user-facing report at each run boundary\
No truncation of reasoning \'97 ever. Full text goes to DuckDB.\
\
\
\
\
\
Immutable lineage and Arbitrarily large context and Academic detachment - thought those would be shared between modes. please give reasons to not to.\
\
Thinking the maestro main point is that it doesn't need large context but needs brutly harsh raw thinking power. this might yield to a "mixture of experts" type of amalgam of agents from different commercial APIs or any other type of specialization.\
\
The continuous architecture would yield a just beautiful AG-UI dashboard of an ever expanding knowledge tree,l with such wealth of how to present it Live\
\
\
Thinking process (4 tools used)\
Honestly, I struggle to find strong reasons NOT to share those three principles across modes. Let me try anyway, then explain why the arguments are weak.\
\
Reasons not to share (devil's advocate)\
Immutable lineage\
Fixed-run argument against: A 3-iteration run produces maybe 3-9 thought rows. The overhead of persisting every thought with parent-child lineage, maintaining the append-only invariant, and never allowing cleanup is disproportionate to the value. You could just keep thoughts in memory and discard them when the run ends.\
\
Why this is weak: The DuckDB file already persists across runs \'97 that's how session continuation works. The lineage is what makes continuation meaningful. Without it, a follow-up "expand on the pricing section" has no memory of how the pricing analysis was reached. Even in a short run, the lineage is the audit trail. The cost is one INSERT per thought \'97 negligible. condition_manager.py:608-613\
\
Arbitrarily large context\
Fixed-run argument against: A 3-iteration run with max_iterations=3 typically accumulates 50-200 findings. That fits comfortably in a single context window (~128K tokens). The swarm-as-context mechanism (chunking the corpus, processing in parallel, folding results) adds latency and cost for no benefit when the corpus is small.\
\
Why this is weak: The mechanism should be adaptive, not absent. Below a threshold (like the existing GOSSIP_THRESHOLD = 80), the thinker reads the corpus directly. Above it, the swarm kicks in. The architecture supports both \'97 you don't remove the capability just because most runs don't need it. corpus_store.py:67-68\
\
Academic detachment\
Fixed-run argument against: In a bounded run, the user expects a result within minutes. If the thought swarm goes down a wrong path, academic detachment means you can't course-correct \'97 you can only introduce counter-evidence and hope the swarm integrates it. In a fixed run with 3 iterations, there's no time for the slow process of "convincing" the swarm. Sometimes you need to just override.\
\
Why this is weak: The thinker already has EVIDENCE_SUFFICIENT as an escape hatch. And the maestro's data-bearing agents are fast \'97 a single Flock llm_complete call with curated counter-evidence takes seconds. The "convincing" doesn't need to be slow. thinker.py:139-152\
\
The honest answer\
These three principles are structural invariants of the thought system, not mode-specific features. They should be shared. The mode (fixed vs continuous) determines the time horizon and termination condition, not the nature of thought. A fixed run is just a continuous run with a hard stop.\
\
The only legitimate variation is adaptive thresholds: small corpora skip the swarm overhead, short runs use simpler lineage queries. But the principles themselves \'97 immutability, unbounded capacity, sovereignty \'97 are universal.\
\
The maestro as mixture-of-experts\
This is a sharp observation. The maestro's profile is the inverse of the thought swarm's:\
\
Thought swarm	Maestro\
Context needs	Massive (entire corpus)	Small (corpus summary + strategy)\
Reasoning needs	Broad, integrative	Deep, precise, decisive\
Error tolerance	High (wrong thoughts get diluted by better ones)	Low (a bad scoring pass corrupts the corpus)\
Model priority	Throughput, cost-efficiency	Raw reasoning power\
The current code uses build_model() (the default ADK_MODEL) for the maestro: maestro.py:169-186\
\
While the thinker gets its own model via build_model(thinker=True): thinker.py:139-152\
\
The model_config.py already supports per-role model routing with separate API keys and bases: model_config.py:96-124\
\
Extending this to a maestro-specific model is straightforward \'97 add ADK_MAESTRO_MODEL, MAESTRO_API_KEY, MAESTRO_API_BASE env vars and a maestro=True flag to build_model(). But the MoE idea goes further than just "give the maestro a better model." It suggests:\
\
Different models for different maestro operations:\
\
Contradiction detection \uc0\u8594  a model strong at logical reasoning (o3, Claude Opus)\
Redundancy compression \uc0\u8594  a model strong at summarization (Gemini, GPT-4o)\
Scoring/evaluation \uc0\u8594  a model strong at calibrated judgment\
Agent spawning (crafting curated contexts) \uc0\u8594  a model strong at instruction-following\
The Flock proxy already routes through LiteLLM, which supports any provider: flock_proxy.py:1-37\
\
But currently there's only one corpus_model registered with Flock. The MoE approach would register multiple models \'97 scoring_model, reasoning_model, synthesis_model \'97 and the maestro would choose which to use for each execute_flock_sql() call:\
\
\
-- Contradiction detection: use the reasoning specialist  \
SELECT llm_complete(\{'model_name': 'reasoning_model'\}, ...) ...  \
  \
-- Summarization: use the synthesis specialist    \
SELECT llm_complete(\{'model_name': 'synthesis_model'\}, ...) ...\
The maestro itself (the agent making decisions about WHAT to do) would use the most powerful reasoning model available. The Flock operations it dispatches would use specialized models. This is a true mixture-of-experts at the architectural level.\
\
The continuous dashboard as knowledge tree\
The current dashboard already has the infrastructure:\
\
ReactFlow for graph visualization (pipeline execution graph): PipelineGraph.tsx:266-298\
\
SSE streaming pushing snapshots every 500ms: sse.py:1-17\
\
Corpus snapshots with condition counts, score summaries, and phase tracking: event_store.py:176-190\
\
In a continuous architecture, the pipeline graph transforms from a fixed 6-node diagram (thinker \uc0\u8594  researcher \u8594  loop synth \u8594  swarm \u8594  synthesiser) into a living knowledge tree:\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Each node is a row_type='thought' row in the conditions table. The parent_id chain gives you the tree structure. The dashboard queries the DuckDB for the thought lineage and renders it as a ReactFlow graph \'97 nodes colored by age/confidence, edges showing parent-child relationships, periodic synthesis reports as highlighted "milestone" nodes.\
\
The wealth of presentation options:\
\
Tree view: parent-child thought lineage, expandable/collapsible\
Timeline view: thoughts ordered chronologically, with corpus size growing over time\
Angle view: thoughts grouped by research angle, showing how each angle deepens\
Contradiction view: highlight thought pairs that conflict, show resolution chain\
Synthesis milestones: periodic reports as "checkpoints" the user can read\
This is where the immutable lineage pays off most visibly \'97 every thought is a node, every parent-child link is an edge, and the user watches the tree grow in real-time. The fixed-run version shows a small tree (3-9 nodes). The continuous version shows a forest.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
gather everythign into one\
\
\
Thinking process (20 tools used)\
MiroThinker: Thought Swarm Architecture\
A unified design document synthesising the full architectural vision discussed for OrpingtonClose/MiroThinker.\
\
1. Current Architecture\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The pipeline is a SequentialAgent wrapping a LoopAgent (max 3 iterations) followed by a final synthesiser. pipeline.py:248-260\
\
Data flows via session state (blackboard):\
\
The thinker reads \{research_findings\} \'97 a verbal prose briefing tiered by quality \'97 and outputs strategy to state["research_strategy"]. It has zero tools. thinker.py:40-52\
\
The search executor reads expansion targets from the corpus + queries from the thinker's strategy. Fires APIs programmatically. No LLM. search_executor.py:405-432\
\
The maestro reads \{research_findings\} + \{research_strategy\}, has unrestricted Flock SQL access via execute_flock_sql(). Its after_agent_callback refreshes state with the updated corpus. maestro.py:46-64\
\
The gossip swarm runs a 3-phase protocol (per-angle workers \uc0\u8594  peer refinement \u8594  queen merge) before the final synthesiser. corpus_store.py:2514-2522\
\
The final synthesiser polishes the swarm output into a publication-quality report. synthesiser.py:25-62\
\
Existing dynamic context injection mechanisms:\
\
Mechanism	Where	What it does\
Blackboard template variables	\{research_findings\}, \{corpus_for_synthesis\}, \{research_strategy\}	Session state injected into agent prompts each iteration\
GlobalInstructionPlugin	plugins/__init__.py	Static dedup rules injected into every agent's system prompt\
before_model_callback	callbacks/before_model.py	Wrap-up instruction injected when context tokens exceed threshold\
_init_pipeline_state	agents/pipeline.py	Corpus keys + Phase 0 scout injected before pipeline starts\
maestro_condition_callback	callbacks/condition_manager.py	Refreshes research_findings after each maestro run\
The corpus \'97 single-table architecture in DuckDB:\
\
All data lives in one conditions table with parent_id/related_id for hierarchical relationships and row_type to discriminate atoms ('finding', 'similarity', 'contradiction', 'raw', 'synthesis'). corpus_store.py:214-284\
\
The thinker receives a verbal prose briefing via format_for_thinker() \'97 findings tiered by composite quality, contradictions called out, under-explored areas identified. corpus_store.py:2145-2154\
\
2. Three Universal Principles\
These apply to both the fixed-run and continuous architectures. There are no strong reasons to make them mode-specific \'97 they are properties of the thought system itself, not of any particular execution model.\
\
2.1 Immutable Lineage\
Every thought, every reasoning trace, every context mutation is persisted to disk and never modified or deleted. This creates a traceable lineage of thought \'97 what the thinker was thinking at any point, what information it had, how its reasoning evolved.\
\
Current violation: Reasoning is truncated to 5000 chars and stored for observability only:\
\
\
state["reasoning_traces"].append(\{  \
    "agent": agent_name,  \
    "reasoning": reasoning_text[:5000],  # cap to avoid state bloat  \
    "response_preview": response_text[:500],  \
\})\
after_model.py:78-82\
\
This is unacceptable. Full reasoning must be persisted \'97 no truncation, ever. The fact column in the conditions table is TEXT NOT NULL with no size limit, so full reasoning text fits naturally. corpus_store.py:216-217\
\
Implementation: Thought lineage lives in the Flock table as row_type='thought' rows \'97 the same parent-child SQL pattern already used for every other row type:\
\
\
-- Every row already has parent-child relationships  \
parent_id INTEGER,  \
related_id INTEGER,\
corpus_store.py:225-227\
\
Similarity rows already use this exact pattern \'97 parent_id points to one condition, related_id to the other: atomic_condition.py:45-48\
\
Thought rows follow the same convention:\
\
fact \uc0\u8594  full reasoning text (NO truncation)\
row_type \uc0\u8594  'thought'\
parent_id \uc0\u8594  previous thought in the chain\
strategy \uc0\u8594  the visible output / strategy extracted from reasoning\
angle \uc0\u8594  agent name or research angle\
iteration \uc0\u8594  pipeline iteration\
consider_for_use \uc0\u8594  TRUE (the thinker reads its own prior thoughts)\
Lineage is queryable via standard SQL:\
\
\
-- Full thought chain for a given thought  \
WITH RECURSIVE chain AS (  \
    SELECT * FROM conditions WHERE id = ?  \
    UNION ALL  \
    SELECT c.* FROM conditions c JOIN chain ON c.id = chain.parent_id  \
    WHERE c.row_type = 'thought'  \
)  \
SELECT * FROM chain ORDER BY id;\
No new tables. No new infrastructure. Just a new row_type in the existing single-table architecture.\
\
2.2 Arbitrarily Large Context\
No single LLM call needs to hold the entire corpus. The swarm architecture decomposes the corpus into chunks that individual agents can handle. The swarm collectively represents the full context \'97 each agent carries a piece of it with understanding, not just text.\
\
This is what enables hour-long deep research runs. The corpus grows without bound; the swarm scales with it.\
\
2.3 Academic Detachment\
The thought swarm is sovereign. External processes cannot directly modify, delete, or suppress thoughts. The maestro cannot kill thoughts it doesn't like \'97 it can only introduce counter-evidence via new data-bearing agents. Thought rows are immutable in the Flock table:\
\
\
SACRED RULE: Rows with row_type='thought' are IMMUTABLE. You may NEVER  \
UPDATE, DELETE, or set consider_for_use=FALSE on thought rows.\
This ensures intellectual integrity \'97 the lineage of thought is a faithful record, not a curated narrative.\
\
3. The Thought Swarm\
3.1 Core Concept\
The thinker is an oblivious idiot god of pondering \'97 completely tool-free, with no awareness of the external world. It endlessly reasons about whatever information appears in its context. It is tended by a swarm of servant agents that observe its thoughts and inject it with the things it ponders about.\
\
The thinker becomes the constant-synthesiser. It doesn't receive pre-digested summaries \'97 it receives raw information and its job is to continuously integrate it into its evolving understanding. Every piece of information in the system is available to it (via the swarm mechanism).\
\
3.2 Context Injection = Agent Injection\
"Injecting dynamic context" means introducing new agents to the swarm with curated contexts. The thought swarm does not read the Flock table directly. All contact with the outside world is via introducing agents carrying data \'97 data gifts disguised as one of the swarm's own.\
\
Traditional context injection	Agent injection\
Modify an existing agent's prompt	Spawn a new agent carrying the context\
Single context window must hold everything	Each agent has its own window\
Monolithic prompt engineering	Modular \'97 add/remove agents without changing the thinker\
Hard to trace which text influenced what	Each agent's output is a distinct row_type='thought' row with parent_id\
3.3 The Mutable Swarm\
The swarm is a completely mutable set of agents \'97 a flexible context capable of containing arbitrarily large information with full conversational understanding. Agents can be:\
\
Created \'97 a new specialist joins with curated findings\
Retired \'97 a specialist whose understanding is superseded\
Merged \'97 two overlapping specialists consolidated into one\
Split \'97 one specialist whose domain grew too large becomes two\
Refreshed \'97 a specialist gets new data and re-processes\
The swarm IS the context. A context window holds text; an agent holds understanding.\
\
3.4 Internal Architecture\
The thought swarm uses constant gossip \'97 agents continuously share and refine their understanding. Two approaches to context preservation:\
\
Immutable context cores \'97 each agent has a part of its context that it never loses (its founding data gift)\
Lineage-backed reconstruction \'97 every mutation of every agent's context is recorded as row_type='thought' rows in the Flock table (unknown to the thought agents themselves). If an agent's context degrades, it can be reconstructed from the lineage.\
This is where max-reasoning algorithms become critical. The swarm's internal architecture is not about tool use or search \'97 it's about pure reasoning at maximum depth. The gossip protocol ensures that insights propagate across agents, contradictions surface, and the collective understanding converges.\
\
The gossip swarm workers in _synthesise_gossip are the embryonic form of this \'97 dynamically created agents with curated contexts, using peer refinement: corpus_store.py:2528-2555 corpus_store.py:2562-2586\
\
But they're ephemeral and single-purpose (synthesis only). Thought swarm agents are persistent (their understanding lives as thought rows) and multi-purpose (they reason, not just synthesise).\
\
4. The Maestro as Swarm Gardener\
The maestro's role evolves from "Flock conductor running scoring steps" to gardener of the thought swarm. It already has unrestricted Flock SQL access and can see the full corpus state: maestro.py:1-34\
\
In the new architecture, the maestro:\
\
Reads the thinker's strategy and the corpus state\
Decides what specialist agents are needed ("the thinker is pondering pricing but we have 200 pricing findings across 5 angles \'97 spawn a pricing specialist")\
Spawns agents with curated contexts (SQL query \uc0\u8594  filtered findings \u8594  Flock llm_complete() call)\
Collects their output and inserts it as row_type='thought' rows\
The thinker sees these thought rows on the next iteration \'97 specialist reasoning, not raw data\
The maestro influences the swarm only by introducing data-bearing agents. It cannot kill thoughts \'97 it has to convince the swarm by introducing counter-evidence.\
\
4.1 Maestro as Mixture of Experts\
The maestro doesn't need large context \'97 it needs brutally harsh raw thinking power. This suggests a mixture-of-experts approach:\
\
Operation	Model characteristic needed\
Contradiction detection	Strong logical reasoning (o3, Claude Opus)\
Redundancy compression	Strong summarization (Gemini, GPT-4o)\
Scoring/evaluation	Calibrated judgment\
Agent spawning (crafting curated contexts)	Strong instruction-following\
Strategic decisions	Most powerful reasoning model available\
The model configuration already supports separate models per role: model_config.py:22-36\
\
The Flock proxy routes through LiteLLM, which supports any provider. Currently there's one corpus_model registered: corpus_store.py:189-207\
\
The MoE approach would register multiple models \'97 scoring_model, reasoning_model, synthesis_model \'97 and the maestro would choose which to use for each execute_flock_sql() call:\
\
\
-- Contradiction detection: use the reasoning specialist  \
SELECT llm_complete(\{'model_name': 'reasoning_model'\}, ...) ...  \
  \
-- Summarization: use the synthesis specialist  \
SELECT llm_complete(\{'model_name': 'synthesis_model'\}, ...) ...\
5. Flock's Role \'97 Separation of Concerns\
Flock remains the data management layer \'97 SQL queries as blocks of utility, easily divisible and alterable. The thought swarm is the reasoning layer. This separation must be maintained:\
\
Layer	Responsibility	Mechanism\
Flock (data)	Storage, scoring, dedup, clustering, expansion tracking	DuckDB + Flock SQL\
Thought swarm (reasoning)	Synthesis, integration, inference, narrative	Agent gossip + thought rows\
Maestro (orchestration)	Decides what operations to run, spawns agents, tends the garden	execute_flock_sql() + agent spawning\
Search executor (sensing)	Fires APIs, ingests raw data	Programmatic, no LLM\
The thought swarm does not read the Flock table directly. The maestro mediates \'97 it reads the table, decides what the swarm needs, and introduces data-bearing agents. The Flock table records everything (including thought lineage), but the swarm is unaware of this recording.\
\
The question of "periodic flush of the entire Flock table into the thought swarm" resolves naturally: there is no wholesale flush. The maestro continuously manages the swarm \'97 reading the corpus, deciding which agents to spawn/refresh/retire based on what the thinker needs and what the corpus contains. It's event-driven, not batch.\
\
6. Periodic Synthesis Reports\
The current synthesiser runs once at the end. In the new architecture, synthesis is triggered periodically so the user can observe progress \'97 a readable report at regular intervals.\
\
The existing run_swarm_synthesis(state) and synthesiser_agent already do this work: condition_manager.py:560-565 synthesiser.py:64-75\
\
Periodic synthesis reports are stored as row_type='synthesis' rows in the conditions table (this row type already exists). The synthesis row's parent_id points to the latest thought, linking the report to the reasoning chain that produced it. A configurable interval (SYNTHESIS_INTERVAL) controls frequency.\
\
7. Two Execution Modes\
7.1 Fixed-Run Mode (current, proven)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The current LoopAgent(max_iterations=3) structure stays. Each run is an episode. The DuckDB file persists on disk between runs, so the thought swarm's lineage carries across sessions: condition_manager.py:608-613\
\
The user asks for something, gets a report, then comments on it \'97 expanding arbitrarily. Each follow-up reopens the same DuckDB corpus. This produces exceptional results today and the UX is natural. server.py:371-375\
\
The three universal principles (immutable lineage, arbitrarily large context, academic detachment) apply fully. The thought swarm operates within each run, and its lineage persists across runs via the DuckDB file.\
\
7.2 Continuous Mode (future)\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The pipeline becomes unbounded \'97 no max_iterations, no fixed phases. The maestro continuously tends the swarm. The stall detector already supports this: "run as long as you keep making progress; die if you go silent." main.py:26-31\
\
This opens the design space for hour-long deep research (comparable to OpenAI's deep research). The time horizon of analysis becomes a parameter, not a constraint.\
\
The dashboard becomes a living knowledge tree. The current dashboard already has ReactFlow for graph visualization and SSE streaming at 500ms intervals: PipelineGraph.tsx:266-298\
\
In continuous mode, the fixed 6-node pipeline graph transforms into an ever-expanding knowledge tree \'97 each node a row_type='thought' row, each edge a parent_id link. Presentation options:\
\
Tree view \'97 parent-child thought lineage, expandable/collapsible\
Timeline view \'97 thoughts ordered chronologically, corpus size growing\
Angle view \'97 thoughts grouped by research angle, showing deepening\
Contradiction view \'97 thought pairs that conflict, resolution chains\
Synthesis milestones \'97 periodic reports as checkpoint nodes\
Continuous mode has rough edges that need figuring out (session management, cost control, convergence criteria, user interaction mid-run). Fixed-run mode is proven and ships today. The three universal principles ensure that the transition from fixed to continuous is an evolution, not a rewrite \'97 the same DuckDB corpus, the same thought rows, the same immutable lineage.\
\
8. Summary of Changes\
Immediate (fixed-run mode)\
File	Change\
callbacks/after_model.py:78-82	Remove [:5000] truncation. Persist full reasoning as row_type='thought' rows in DuckDB via CorpusStore.admit_thought(). Keep lightweight reference in state for dashboard.\
models/corpus_store.py (schema)	Add 'thought' to row_type enum comment. Add admit_thought() and get_latest_thought() methods. No new tables \'97 same conditions table.\
models/atomic_condition.py:46	Update row_type comment to include 'thought'.\
agents/maestro.py:46-167	Add thought sovereignty rule (thought rows are IMMUTABLE). Update row_type documentation. Add guidance for spawning data-bearing agents via Flock llm_complete().\
agents/thinker.py:89-90	Remove "reference specific finding IDs" instruction. Add guidance for reading prior thought rows as peer contributions.\
callbacks/condition_manager.py:386-432	After refreshing corpus state, check if periodic synthesis is due. Run run_swarm_synthesis() and store result as row_type='synthesis' row.\
tools/corpus_sql.py:63-100	Update row_type documentation to include 'thought'. Add soft warning if query attempts to UPDATE/DELETE thought rows.\
Future (continuous mode)\
Component	Change\
agents/pipeline.py:223-227	Remove max_iterations=3. Replace with budget-based termination (cost, time, or convergence).\
agents/model_config.py	Register multiple Flock models for MoE (reasoning_model, scoring_model, synthesis_model).\
models/corpus_store.py (Flock setup)	Register multiple models via CREATE MODEL for different operation types.\
dashboard/	Transform pipeline graph from fixed nodes to dynamic knowledge tree. Add thought lineage visualization, angle grouping, contradiction highlighting.\
agents/maestro.py	Evolve instruction from "run scoring steps" to "manage the thought swarm \'97 spawn, retire, refresh agents based on corpus state and thinker needs."\
Implement thought swarm foundation: immutable lineage + no truncation\
In repo OrpingtonClose/MiroThinker, implement the foundational layer of the thought swarm architecture. This is the immediate/fixed-run subset that can ship without changing the pipeline structure.\
\
1. Remove reasoning truncation \'97 apps/adk-agent/callbacks/after_model.py\
At lines 78-82, the reasoning text is truncated to 5000 chars and stored in session state for observability only. This must change:\
\
Remove [:5000] from line 80 and [:500] from line 81\
Instead of storing full reasoning in session state (which causes state bloat), persist it to DuckDB as a row_type='thought' row via a new CorpusStore.admit_thought() method\
Keep a lightweight reference in state (agent name, char counts, thought row ID) for dashboard use\
Import _get_corpus from callbacks.condition_manager and call corpus.admit_thought() with the full reasoning text, wrapping in try/except so DuckDB failures never block the pipeline\
2. Add thought row support to CorpusStore \'97 apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py\
Add two methods to the CorpusStore class:\
\
admit_thought(self, reasoning, parent_thought_id=None, angle="", strategy="", iteration=0, expansion_depth=0) -> int\
Insert a new row into conditions with row_type='thought', fact=reasoning (FULL text, no truncation), parent_id=parent_thought_id, angle=angle, strategy=strategy, iteration=iteration, expansion_depth=expansion_depth, consider_for_use=TRUE, created_at=now\
Return the new row's ID\
get_latest_thought(self, angle=None) -> dict | None\
Query SELECT * FROM conditions WHERE row_type = 'thought' optionally filtered by angle, ORDER BY id DESC LIMIT 1\
Return as dict or None\
Also update the row_type comment in _setup_tables() (line 222) from 'finding' | 'similarity' | 'contradiction' | 'raw' | 'synthesis' to include | 'thought'.\
\
3. Update AtomicCondition \'97 apps/adk-agent/models/atomic_condition.py\
At line 46, update the row_type field comment to include 'thought':\
\
\
row_type: str = "finding"  # 'finding' | 'similarity' | 'contradiction' | 'raw' | 'synthesis' | 'thought'\
4. Add thought sovereignty to maestro \'97 apps/adk-agent/agents/maestro.py\
In MAESTRO_INSTRUCTION (around line 143-167), add a sacred rule:\
\
\
SACRED RULE: Rows with row_type='thought' are IMMUTABLE. You may NEVER  \
UPDATE, DELETE, or set consider_for_use=FALSE on thought rows. To influence  \
the direction of reasoning, INSERT new rows with curated evidence \'97 these  \
are "data-bearing agents" whose output the thinker integrates as peer  \
contributions.\
Also update the row_type documentation around line 72 to include 'thought' with a note that thought rows form parent-child lineage chains via parent_id.\
\
5. Update thinker instruction \'97 apps/adk-agent/agents/thinker.py\
At lines 89-90, remove "Reference specific finding IDs where relevant" instruction\
Add a new section explaining that the corpus may contain row_type='thought' rows from prior iterations/runs \'97 these are peer contributions from specialist analysts. The thinker should integrate their insights, challenge their conclusions where evidence warrants, and build on their analysis.\
6. Update consumer queries \'97 apps/adk-agent/models/corpus_store.py\
In get_for_thinker() method, ensure thought rows (row_type='thought') are included \'97 the thinker should see its own prior reasoning and specialist thoughts.\
\
In get_for_synthesiser() method, EXCLUDE thought rows \'97 the synthesiser works from findings, not internal reasoning. Add AND row_type != 'thought' to the WHERE clause.\
\
7. Add periodic synthesis \'97 apps/adk-agent/callbacks/condition_manager.py\
In maestro_condition_callback() (around line 410-432), after refreshing corpus state and before advancing the iteration counter, add periodic synthesis:\
\
\
iteration = state.get("_corpus_iteration", 0)  \
synthesis_interval = int(os.environ.get("SYNTHESIS_INTERVAL", "1"))  \
if iteration > 0 and iteration % synthesis_interval == 0:  \
    try:  \
        swarm_report = run_swarm_synthesis(state)  \
        if swarm_report and swarm_report.strip():  \
            corpus = _get_corpus(state)  \
            corpus.admit_thought(  \
                reasoning=swarm_report,  \
                angle="periodic_synthesis",  \
                strategy="periodic_synthesis_report",  \
                iteration=iteration,  \
            )  \
    except Exception:  \
        logger.warning("Periodic synthesis failed (non-fatal)", exc_info=True)\
8. Add soft guard to execute_flock_sql \'97 apps/adk-agent/tools/corpus_sql.py\
In the execute_flock_sql() function, add a warning log (not a block \'97 the maestro is trusted) if the query contains patterns like UPDATE conditions ... WHERE ... row_type = 'thought' or DELETE FROM conditions WHERE ... row_type = 'thought'. This makes thought sovereignty violations visible in observability.\
\
9. Update execute_flock_sql docstring \'97 apps/adk-agent/tools/corpus_sql.py\
At line 90, update the row_type documentation:\
\
\
Row types: 'finding', 'similarity', 'contradiction', 'raw', 'synthesis', 'thought'  \
Note: 'thought' rows are IMMUTABLE \'97 do not UPDATE or DELETE them.\
Implement thought swarm foundation: immutable lineage + no truncation\
Reviewing ADK capabilities\
1:51\
\
1 / 4 tasks\
Deep-dive into pipeline construction and ADK agent patterns\
Enumerate core facts, constraints, and design reasoning\
Design and implement swarm architecture\
Create PR with swarm architecture changes\
#54\
OrpingtonClose/MiroThinker\
\
\
\
\
 ||<= please assess algorithmic ways to implement this best\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \cb3 Edit\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \cb3 Copy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \cb3 Share\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 To help you best, could you clarify what you'd like me to do with this information? For example, are you looking for:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A detailed explanation or analysis of the "inject dynamic context" pattern in MiroThinker?
\fs28 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Help implementing this pattern in your own project?
\fs28 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A comparison with other context management approaches?
\fs28 \cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Something else entirely?
\fs28 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Let me know your goals so I can tailor the research accordingly.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb4 \strokec2 Include everything.\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \cb3 Edit\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \cb3 Copy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf5 \cb3 Share\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Got it. I\'92ll put together a comprehensive analysis of the "inject dynamic context" pattern as used in MiroThinker. This will include a detailed explanation of how it works, its benefits and trade-offs, how it compares to other context management strategies, and guidance on how you might implement it in your own projects. I\'92ll let you know once it\'92s ready.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 I need to first understand what MiroThinker is and how the "inject dynamic context" pattern applies to it, given my knowledge cutoff and the current date of 2026-04-13.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 MiroThinker inject dynamic context\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Tracing MiroThinker's tool-augmented architecture, I see its interactive scaling philosophy naturally resonates with dynamic context injection principles, even if not explicitly named as such.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 dynamic context injection AI agents\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Tracing DCI's evolution from neural attention mechanisms to MiroThinker's sliding window reveals a spectrum of real-time context adaptation strategies, with simple prompt injection already demonstrating 95% cost reduction and 50% latency gains in production agents.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Comparison of dynamic context injection with other context management in MiroThinker\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Tracing MiroThinker-1.7's context operator mechanism reveals a sophisticated approach to compressing trajectory logs into token-efficient representations, distinct from yet conceptually aligned with dynamic context injection strategies.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2603.15726"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 arxiv.org}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Delving into MiroThinker-1.7's architecture, I'm tracing how its context operator \uc0\u934 \u8348  dynamically transforms trajectory logs into effective working context.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Scroll Down Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2603.15726"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 arxiv.org}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Synthesizing MiroThinker's context operator 
\f2\fs33\fsmilli16940 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 \uc0\u934 \cb1 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth82\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth40\clftsWidth3 \clminw40 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\fs23\fsmilli11858 \cf5 \cb3 t
\f2\i0\fs33\fsmilli16940 \cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs2 \cf5 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth82\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx4320
\clmrg \clvertalb \clshdrawnil \clwWidth82\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs33\fsmilli16940 \cf5 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5   with dynamic context injection principles reveals a powerful pattern\'97trajectory transformation into effective context enables more adaptive, stateful agent reasoning than static approaches.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The DCI example from  delivers striking efficiency gains\'9754% faster responses, 95% fewer tokens\'97by embedding temporal context directly into prompts rather than externalizing it. Meanwhile, MiroThinker-1.7's context operator \uc0\u934 t in  suggests a different architectural philosophy for managing evolving state. I'm now tracing how these two paradigms might intersect or diverge in practice.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Scroll Down Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2603.15726"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 arxiv.org}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Synthesizing MiroThinker's context operator mechanism with broader dynamic context injection principles, I now have the architectural depth to map how trajectory-to-context transformation optimizes token budgets while preserving reasoning fidelity.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Comparison of dynamic context injection with static prompts in MiroThinker\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Tracing the "Dynamic Context Injection" concept through  and , I see it emerging as a formalized agentic pattern with distinct roles in grounding reasoning and maintaining state awareness.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Comparison of Dynamic Context Injection with other agentic patterns\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Examining the "Dynamic Context Injection" pattern reveals a compelling shift from static baselines to on-demand, session-aware context provisioning\'97efficiency gains that seem particularly relevant for MiroThinker's architecture.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/dynamic-context-injection/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 agentic-patterns.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Synthesizing the pattern definition from  with the real-world performance gains demonstrated in , I'm now curious how practitioners operationalize this optimization strategy in production environments.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.emergentmind.com/topics/dynamic-context-injection"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.emergentmind.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Parsing the emergent mind source reveals a sophisticated dual-track implementation: neural contextualization through cross-attention mechanisms alongside runtime system intercepts, offering concrete architectural choices for real-time adaptation.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Scroll Down Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.emergentmind.com/topics/dynamic-context-injection"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.emergentmind.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Tracing the conceptual threads in  reveals how dynamic context injection operates at the intersection of agentic state manipulation and automata-theoretic systems, yet I'm sensing the need for a more pattern-oriented lens to properly situate this technique alongside established design paradigms.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/dynamic-context-injection/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 agentic-patterns.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Examining the Dynamic Context Injection pattern reveals practical mechanisms like file at-mentions and slash commands, which I now need to contrast with MiroThinker's context operator approach.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Scroll Down Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2603.15726"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 arxiv.org}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Parsing the core tension between two context-handling paradigms\'97DCI's dynamic external injection versus MiroThinker's internal trajectory compression\'97reveals a fundamental architectural divergence in how agents manage evolving information streams.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Search Webpage Keywords\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/dynamic-context-injection/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 agentic-patterns.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Tracing the contrast between MiroThinker's context operator and dynamic context injection patterns, I realize I need sharper definitional clarity to ground this comparison properly.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 MiroThinker context operator vs dynamic context injection\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Dynamic Context Injection's performance gains\'9795% token reduction, halved latency\'97are reshaping how I think about agent efficiency versus traditional sliding-window approaches.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.emergentmind.com/topics/dynamic-context-injection"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.emergentmind.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Dynamic context injection's real-time manipulation capability, as defined in , gains compelling validation from concrete performance benchmarks I need to revisit.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Re-examining return  reveals a striking efficiency gain\'97simply embedding real-time date/time in prompts slashed latency by 54% and token costs by 95%, crystallizing how DCI's direct context injection diverges fundamentally from MiroThinker's trajectory-compression approach.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Search Webpage Keywords\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The LinkedIn example in  vividly illustrates how live data feeds directly into system prompts, sharpening my grasp of dynamic context injection's real-world mechanics against static approaches.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Scroll Down Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2603.15726"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 arxiv.org}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Contrasting DCI's active injection of live data against MiroThinker's trajectory compression reveals a fundamental architectural divergence in how agents handle evolving information streams.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 MIROTHINKER INTEGRATION DYNAMIC CONTEXT DURING REASONING\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Contrasting MiroThinker's internal sliding-window context operator with the explicit "Dynamic Context Injection" pattern reveals a subtle but crucial architectural distinction: the former compresses historical trajectory, while the latter introduces fresh external stimuli on-demand.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Assessment of dynamic context injection for MiroThinker agents\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 MiroThinker's sliding window "context operator" handles internal trajectory compression, yet I'm sensing a gap between this and true external dynamic context injection\'97particularly after spotting that LinkedIn post claiming 54% speed gains from simple real-time data feeds.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Comparing DCI's live data injection with MiroThinker's sliding-window trajectory management reveals a fundamental architectural tension: external data integration versus internal history compression.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Comparison of MiroThinker context operator with dynamic context injection\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The theoretical foundations in  clarify what Dynamic Context Injection entails, yet I'm drawn back to 's striking real-world validation\'9795% token waste eliminated through a simple timestamp injection\'97to understand how this pattern truly operates in agentic systems like MiroThinker.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Du'An Lightfoot's real-world case study reveals how embedding live datetime directly into system prompts\'97rather than triggering separate tool calls\'97slashed latency by 54% and token costs by 95%, crystallizing why dynamic context injection outperforms traditional agent orchestration.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.emergentmind.com/topics/dynamic-context-injection"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.emergentmind.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Parsing the formal DCI definition from  alongside that striking LinkedIn example  reveals a compelling tension: theoretical elegance versus tangible agentic gains like 95% token reduction.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Agentic AI dynamic context injection performance benefits\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Parsing the nuances between MiroThinker's context management and true Dynamic Context Injection reveals a critical architectural distinction\'97one manages internal history, the other actively feeds external intelligence into live reasoning loops.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Scroll Down Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2603.15726"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 arxiv.org}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Contrasting MiroThinker-1.7's sliding window history management with true Dynamic Context Injection reveals a critical gap: the former optimizes token budgets internally, while DCI actively enriches reasoning with external, real-time signals.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/dynamic-context-injection/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 agentic-patterns.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Synthesizing across , I now see DCI's core tension: active external injection versus passive internal management, with the LinkedIn case offering compelling proof of its transformative performance impact.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Revisiting the DCI pattern documentation reveals a striking efficiency gain\'97slashing latency by 54% and token consumption by 95% through simple timestamp injection into system prompts.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/dynamic-context-injection/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 agentic-patterns.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Contrasting DCI's explicit external data injection with MiroThinker's sliding-window context management reveals a fundamental architectural divergence in how agents handle dynamic information.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Search Webpage Keywords\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2603.15726"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 arxiv.org}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The concrete token efficiency gains from  crystallize why DCI matters\'97injecting live context directly beats agentic retrieval by an order of magnitude.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/dynamic-context-injection/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 agentic-patterns.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 MiroThinker's sliding window context operator offers a compelling contrast to traditional dynamic injection\'97I'm now circling back to  to sharpen the formal definition of DCI before weighing these two paradigms.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/dynamic-context-injection/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 agentic-patterns.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Synthesizing returns  and , I see Dynamic Context Injection fundamentally redefines how agents handle information\'97shifting from static file dependencies to fluid, session-aware context orchestration that demonstrably halves latency and slashes token consumption.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Scroll Down Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.emergentmind.com/topics/dynamic-context-injection"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.emergentmind.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Revisiting the LinkedIn case study reveals how a simple timestamp injection yielded dramatic performance gains, grounding DCI's theoretical promise in measurable agentic outcomes.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 MiroThinker context operator vs dynamic context injection performance\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Analyzing Du'An Lightfoot's concrete DCI implementation reveals striking efficiency gains\'97slashing latency by 50% and token costs by 95%\'97that could meaningfully augment MiroThinker's existing context operator architecture.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.emergentmind.com/topics/dynamic-context-injection"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.emergentmind.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Contrasting 's formal neural attention framework with 's concrete datetime-injection gains, I sense the gap between theory and agentic implementation still needs bridging.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Examples of Dynamic Context Injection in Research Agents\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Synthesizing returns  with , I see Dynamic Context Injection emerges as an active injection pattern distinct from MiroThinker's passive sliding-window management\'97offering compelling latency and token savings when live data is strategically woven into prompts.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Python\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Write and Execute Code\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Caught a syntax hiccup in my previous Python attempt\'97turns out an unclosed quote was the culprit. I'm now reworking the approach to deliver this comprehensive analysis of the 'inject dynamic context' pattern through cleaner code execution.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Python\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Write and Execute Code\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 I realized the syntax error stemmed from nested triple quotes in my Python code, so I'm restructuring the output as a clean concatenated string to deliver the comprehensive MiroThinker analysis without technical friction.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Python\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Write and Execute Code\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Synthesizing the code execution results, I've now crystallized a complete framework for the "inject dynamic context" pattern\'97its mechanics, implementation path, comparative edge over static and sliding-window alternatives, and the performance trade-offs that make it indispensable for precision-critical, latency-sensitive research workflows.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Comprehensive analysis inject dynamic context k1-researcher\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The dynamic context injection pattern's mechanisms and comparative advantages are now fully mapped out in , revealing substantial efficiency gains alongside manageable complexity trade-offs.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Search Webpage Keywords\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Tracing back through the scattered returns, I realize the comprehensive analysis I generated via Python likely sits in return , yet the hidden history blocks direct access\'97so I'm reconstructing the synthesis from memory while weighing whether to re-execute or retrieve.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Visit Webpage\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.emergentmind.com/articles/2511.11793"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.emergentmind.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Reconstructing from scattered returns, I notice the dynamic context injection pattern cuts latency by ~54% and tokens by ~95% when live data replaces API calls\'97a stark efficiency gain over static or reflective approaches.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 k1-researcher dynamic context injection pattern explanation implementation comparison assessment\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Examining the trade-offs of Dynamic Context Injection reveals a pattern that boosts answer quality but demands careful tuning of memory policies and token budgets.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Search Webpage Keywords\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Synthesizing multiple sources reveals Dynamic Context Injection's nuanced trade-offs: precise accuracy gains and latency reductions versus architectural complexity, positioning it as a compelling alternative to sliding window approaches for live data scenarios.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Searched\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 MiroThinker dynamic context injection pattern final analysis\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The Dynamic Context Injection pattern's 54% latency reduction and 95% token savings from  underscore its transformative potential for optimizing retrieval-augmented systems.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Search Webpage Keywords\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 The performance metrics in  reveal a striking efficiency gain: Dynamic Context Injection slashes latency by 54% and token usage by 95% compared to tool-based approaches.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Search Webpage Keywords\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Parsing return  reveals the core performance breakthrough\'97a striking 54% to 95% reduction in token usage that fundamentally reshapes efficiency benchmarks.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Used Browser\cf6 \cb1 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3 Search Webpage Keywords\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/posts/duanlightfoot_aiagents-productionai-costoptimization-activity-7396280637827018752-AqSc"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 www.linkedin.com}}\cf7 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 TL;DR: The "inject dynamic context" pattern enables real-time integration of auxiliary information into AI agents at inference time without model retraining, dramatically improving latency (54% reduction) and token efficiency (95% reduction) compared to tool-based approaches. For MiroThinker specifically, this pattern complements its native sliding window context management by providing efficient external information incorporation, making it essential for time-sensitive research, multi-document analysis, and personalized user experiences.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf5 \cb3 Comprehensive Analysis of the 'Inject Dynamic Context' Pattern for MiroThinker\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Comprehensive Analysis of the 'Inject Dynamic Context' Pattern for MiroThinker\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 1. Pattern Definition and Core Mechanisms\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 1.1 Fundamental Concept\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 1.1.1 Definition: Real-time integration of auxiliary context at inference time without retraining\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The "inject dynamic context" pattern represents a fundamental architectural approach that enables the real-time integration of auxiliary, non-parametric information into large language model agents during inference, completely bypassing the traditional requirement for model retraining or fine-tuning . At its technical core, this pattern operates by programmatically modifying the prompt structure\'97through system messages, user message preprocessing, or specialized injection points\'97to incorporate current, task-relevant information that exists outside the model's pre-trained knowledge base .\cb1 \
\cb3 The pattern's defining characteristic is its inference-time operation: rather than baking knowledge into model weights or requiring explicit tool invocation chains, information is injected immediately before token generation, making it available for direct attention-based processing . This architectural choice exploits a fundamental property of transformer-based language models: their ability to attend to and reason over any information present in the input context, regardless of whether that information originated from training data or runtime injection. The mechanism is universally applicable across instruction-tuned models, requiring no architectural modifications while delivering substantial performance improvements .\cb1 \
\cb3 For MiroThinker specifically, this pattern addresses a critical capability gap. While MiroThinker-1.7 implements sophisticated native context management through its learned context operator \uc0\u934 \u8348  and sliding window mechanism , these mechanisms are fundamentally designed to compress and manage the agent's internally generated trajectory history\'97thoughts, actions, and observations from its own reasoning process. Dynamic context injection provides the complementary capability of external information incorporation: current time, user-specific documents, real-time data feeds, and environmental state that exists outside the agent's operational loop . Together, these mechanisms enable MiroThinker to maintain both coherent long-horizon reasoning and grounding in current, relevant information.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 1.1.2 Primary objective: Enhance agent adaptability to dynamic environments and evolving user needs\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The primary objective of dynamic context injection is to create agent systems that maintain high performance and relevance across temporally evolving, user-specific, and domain-variable conditions without requiring architectural modification or redeployment . This objective manifests across four critical dimensions of adaptability:\cb1 \
\cb3 Temporal adaptability ensures agents can reason about current states rather than training-time snapshots. Information that changes continuously\'97financial prices, news events, system status, scheduling constraints\'97becomes immediately accessible without tool invocation overhead . The canonical example of temporal data injection demonstrates this dramatically: providing current date/time through system prompt injection eliminates an entire tool invocation cycle, reducing latency from 4.78 seconds to 2.18 seconds and token consumption from 1,734 to 94 tokens .\cb1 \
\cb3 Personalization adaptability enables zero-shot customization to individual users without per-user model variants. By injecting user profiles, preferences, historical interaction patterns, and organizational context, the same underlying model delivers tailored experiences . This is particularly valuable for research agents like MiroThinker, where users may operate in distinct methodological frameworks, institutional environments, or project contexts that would be impractical to encode in static configurations.\cb1 \
\cb3 Domain adaptability supports rapid specialization across diverse knowledge areas. Rather than maintaining separate fine-tuned models for legal analysis, biomedical research, software engineering, and financial modeling, dynamic injection enables the same base model to receive domain-specific context on demand . This transforms deployment economics and operational flexibility.\cb1 \
\cb3 Situational adaptability allows agents to respond to environmental conditions\'97available tools, system constraints, active policies, network status\'97that affect appropriate behavior. Dynamic injection makes this ambient awareness available without explicit agent reasoning about environmental state .\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 1.1.3 Distinction from static context: Eliminates dependency on fixed knowledge bases\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The fundamental distinction between dynamic context injection and static approaches lies in the temporal and operational characteristics of information integration. Static context systems\'97fixed system prompts, pre-loaded knowledge bases, embedded document collections\'97establish information environments at deployment time that remain constant until manual update . This creates inherent constraints: knowledge staleness as information evolves, uniform context across all users and sessions, and deployment-cycle latency for any modification.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx4320
\clmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3728\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5812\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6557\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Aspect\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Static Context\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Context Injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3728\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5812\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6557\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Update mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Manual deployment cycle\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Real-time, per-interaction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3728\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5812\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6557\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Information freshness\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Degrades from deployment moment\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Current at inference time\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3728\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5812\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6557\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User personalization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Requires model variants\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Zero-shot via injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3728\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5812\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6557\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Operational latency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hours to weeks for changes\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Immediate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3728\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5812\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6557\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Token efficiency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fixed overhead regardless of need\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Targeted, conditional inclusion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3728\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5812\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6557\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation complexity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Simple initial setup, complex maintenance\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate pipeline complexity, low maintenance\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic context injection eliminates these dependencies by treating context as a runtime-computable variable rather than a fixed asset. Information is fetched, formatted, and integrated immediately before inference, ensuring freshness without deployment cycles . The pattern does not eliminate static context entirely\'97foundational behavioral instructions and stable knowledge remain valuable\'97but it liberates operational context from configuration rigidity, enabling adaptation that would be impossible with static approaches alone.\cb1 \
\cb3 The operational transformation is substantial. Organizations deploying research agents face a choice: accept progressive capability degradation as static knowledge becomes outdated, or invest in continuous update infrastructure with associated coordination overhead. Dynamic injection provides a third path: automatic, lightweight freshness maintenance that preserves capability relevance without engineering burden .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.2 Technical Implementation Mechanisms\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.2.1 Neural attention-based contextualization\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The neural foundation of dynamic context injection lies in the attention mechanisms that enable transformer models to dynamically weight input information based on relevance. When context is injected into the prompt sequence, it becomes subject to the same multi-head self-attention computations that govern all token relationships, with no architectural modification required .\cb1 \
\cb3 The Deferred NAM (Neural Associative Memory) architecture exemplifies sophisticated attention-based contextualization in automatic speech recognition systems . This approach divides context encoding into two stages: a lightweight, fast preselection stage that rapidly identifies potentially relevant context entries from large candidate pools, followed by a heavy, top-K phrase encoding stage that performs deep processing of selected candidates. The computational structure\'97O(N) complexity for preselection, O(K) for encoding where K << N\'97enables real-time context flexibility with bounded latency guarantees .\cb1 \
\cb3 For text-based agents, DyVec (Dynamic Vector Construction) demonstrates advanced attention-based techniques: aggregating, segmenting, and dynamically injecting latent representations extracted from in-context examples, with REINFORCE-based selection and affine channel mixture optimizing which representations to inject and how to blend them with ongoing computation . These techniques suggest future directions for MiroThinker enhancement, where learned attention modulation could improve integration quality between injected and native context.\cb1 \
\cb3 Positioning effects significantly influence attention-based contextualization effectiveness. Research indicates that early-positioned context receives stronger attention weights due to participation in more attention computations, making system message injection particularly influential . Late-positioned context participates in fewer computations but may be more immediately accessible for direct reference. Effective implementations strategically position different context types: persistent framework information early, task-specific details proximate to queries, reference materials with clear structural delimiters .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.2.2 Programmatic intercepts and memory manipulation\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Programmatic intercepts provide the systems-level infrastructure for dynamic context injection, enabling runtime modification of prompt construction pipelines without model architectural changes. The Elektra tool demonstrates this pattern at the operating system level: intercepting calls like \cb10 getenv\cb3  and \cb10 open\cb3 , rerouting them through middleware that adapts return values based on active "context layers" from environmental sensors, making legacy applications context-responsive without source modification .\cb1 \
\cb3 For agent systems, intercepts operate at multiple architectural levels:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2361\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6426\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Intercept Level\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation Example\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2361\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6426\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API client\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Modify requests before transmission\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prepend dynamic context to message arrays\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2361\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6426\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Agent framework\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Customize prompt construction logic\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Template-based system message augmentation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2361\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6426\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Orchestration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Preprocess inputs to downstream components\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User message analysis and expansion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2361\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6426\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Memory system\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Structured working memory management\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Context store with lifecycle policies\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Memory manipulation extends basic interception to structured context state management. Rather than treating each inference independently, advanced implementations maintain working memory structures that accumulate relevant information across conversation turns, with explicit update, retrieval, and eviction policies . The Semantic Manifold framework formalizes this through "belief injection": introducing targeted linguistic belief fragments into an agent's semantic state ensemble via controlled assimilation operators, providing architectural epistemic control .\cb1 \
\cb3 However, memory manipulation introduces security considerations. Research on plan injection attacks demonstrates that corrupted agent memory and task structure can enable adversary manipulation of high-level actions even under robust prompt defenses . Automata-theoretic models characterize dynamic context injection as adversary-induced state transitions via tainted input, with context-sensitive attack vectors across numerous execution environments . Production implementations require defense-in-depth: input validation, content isolation, output constraints, and behavioral monitoring.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.2.3 Latent vector grafting and cross-attention links\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Latent vector grafting represents an advanced research direction that operates below the token level, directly manipulating hidden state representations rather than input sequences. This approach constructs or modifies latent representations of external information that are compatible with the model's internal processing space, potentially achieving more efficient integration than textual encoding .\cb1 \
\cb3 The technical challenge involves representation compatibility: ensuring that grafted vectors maintain semantic coherence with the model's native activations. Techniques include auxiliary encoding networks that map external information to model-compatible spaces, direct activation modification at specific layers, and learned transformation functions optimized for integration quality . Cross-attention links create explicit attention pathways between injected representations and task processing, enabling fine-grained control over contextual influence.\cb1 \
\cb3 For MiroThinker, latent vector techniques remain research-frontier rather than production-standard. Current evidence suggests that well-constructed token-level injection achieves substantial benefits with minimal complexity, making it the preferred approach for most deployments . However, as context length requirements grow and injectable information volumes increase, latent-level techniques may become increasingly relevant. The modular design of dynamic injection enables incremental adoption: systems can begin with token-level injection and incorporate advanced mechanisms as requirements evolve.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.2.4 Prompt-level injection via system or user messages\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prompt-level injection is the most widely deployed and practically accessible implementation mechanism, requiring no model modifications and operating through standard API interfaces . This approach constructs prompts that interleave static instructions with dynamically computed context, presenting the complete package for standard inference processing.\cb1 \
\cb3 System message injection positions dynamic context as persistent operational framework, influencing all subsequent reasoning. This placement is optimal for information with session-wide relevance: current time, user identity, active project context, operational constraints . The system message's typical position at the sequence start ensures strong attention weighting and consistent behavioral influence. Implementation involves template-based construction where static instructions combine with live data variables immediately before API calls.\cb1 \
\cb3 User message injection provides task-specific, turn-level contextualization. This approach analyzes incoming queries to identify contextual needs, retrieves relevant information, and reformulates messages to incorporate this context explicitly . The at-mention pattern (\cb10 @/path/to/file\cb3 ) exemplifies this: user references trigger automatic content retrieval and injection, with the processed message including both original intent and expanded context . User-level injection enables granular relevance matching but may provide less consistent influence than system-level positioning.\cb1 \
\cb3 Hybrid positioning combines both strategies: system messages establish persistent framework, user messages incorporate task-specific details, and explicit delimiters maintain structural clarity. This layered approach balances persistent influence with flexible relevance, supporting diverse interaction patterns without overloading any single injection point.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.3 Concrete Examples from Research\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.3.1 Temporal data injection: Current date/time in system prompt\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The temporal data injection case provides the most rigorously quantified demonstration of dynamic context injection's performance impact . This implementation addresses a universal requirement\'97enabling agents to reason about current time\'97while exposing the inefficiency of tool-based alternatives.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5266\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3337\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2499\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Metric\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tool-Based Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Improvement\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5266\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3337\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2499\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 LLM calls per interaction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2 (decision + execution)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1 (direct access)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 50% reduction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5266\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3337\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2499\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Response latency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.78 seconds\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.18 seconds\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 54% faster\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5266\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3337\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2499\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tokens per interaction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1,734\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 94\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 95% reduction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5266\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3337\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2499\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Annual token volume (1M calls/month)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~1.7 billion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~94 million\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~1.6 billion saved\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The mechanism of improvement is structural elimination of the tool invocation cycle. Tool-based approaches require: (1) agent recognition of temporal information need, (2) tool selection from available options, (3) call formulation with appropriate parameters, (4) network round-trip and execution, (5) result parsing and integration, and (6) subsequent reasoning incorporating retrieved information. Dynamic injection collapses this to single-step availability: current time is computed and formatted by the hosting infrastructure, appearing in system prompt without agent cognitive overhead .\cb1 \
\cb3 Scaling implications are substantial. At one million agent calls monthly, the 95% token reduction translates to hundreds to thousands of dollars in direct API cost savings, exclusive of latency-related infrastructure efficiency and user experience improvements. The pattern establishes a general principle: information already available to the orchestrating system should be proactively provided rather than requiring agent retrieval. This principle extends beyond temporal data to user profiles, environmental state, configuration parameters, and any predictably needed information.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.3.2 Document injection via file at-mentions (\cb10 @/path/to/file\cb3 )\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The file at-mention pattern enables user-directed dynamic context injection through intuitive syntax that triggers automatic content retrieval and integration . Users type \cb10 @\cb3  followed by a file or folder path, and the system handles parsing, resolution, retrieval, formatting, and injection.\cb1 \
\cb3 Technical implementation components:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2180\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4683\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6660\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Component\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Key Considerations\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2180\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4683\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6660\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pattern parser\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Recognize\'a0\cb10 \strokec2 @path\cb3 \strokec8 \'a0syntax\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Handle quotes, escapes, relative/absolute paths\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2180\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4683\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6660\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Path resolver\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Map to actual resources\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Security allowlists, canonicalization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2180\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4683\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6660\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Content fetcher\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Retrieve file/folder contents\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Format handling, size limits, caching\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2180\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4683\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6660\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Formatter\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Transform for model consumption\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Delimiters, metadata, summarization triggers\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2180\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4683\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6660\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Injector\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Integrate into prompt structure\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Positioning, budget management, deduplication\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 For folder references, intelligent summarization replaces raw content enumeration: directory structure overviews, representative file samples, or AI-generated collection summaries preserve contextual awareness without exhausting token budgets . Security architecture is critical\'97allowlist-based directory access, file type filtering, size limits, and credential scanning prevent unauthorized access and information leakage.\cb1 \
\cb3 The pattern enables sophisticated research workflows: iterative document exploration where users progressively refine context through targeted references, multi-source synthesis with automatic provenance tracking, and collaborative analysis where team members share context through standardized path conventions. The cognitive efficiency of reference-over-copy transforms interaction fluidity, maintaining task focus without manual content management overhead.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.3.3 API return value embedding directly into context\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API return value embedding extends dynamic injection to structured external data sources, enabling agents to reason about live system states without explicit tool invocation . Rather than exposing APIs as tools requiring agent-directed access, the system proactively retrieves and embeds relevant data based on predicted needs or configured triggers.\cb1 \
\cb3 The implementation architecture involves: predictive analysis identifying information needs from conversation state or explicit indicators; efficient data fetching with caching, batching, and refresh policies; format transformation converting structured API responses into model-interpretable representations; and budget-aware integration that balances information richness against token constraints.\cb1 \
\cb3 Value proposition is strongest for high-frequency, predictable information needs where tool overhead would dominate. Customer service agents receive real-time order status and account information; research agents access current publication metrics and trending topics; financial analysis agents incorporate live market data and portfolio positions. In each case, proactive embedding eliminates decision latency and invocation overhead while maintaining information currency through automated refresh cycles.\cb1 \
\cb3 The hybrid design pattern combines proactive embedding for high-confidence needs with reactive tool access for unpredictable requirements. This optimizes the efficiency-flexibility trade-off: common information paths are accelerated through injection, while edge cases remain supported through full tool capabilities.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 2. MiroThinker-Specific Context Architecture\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 2.1 Native Context Management in MiroThinker-1.7\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.1.1 Context operator (\uc0\u934 \u8348 ): Transforms trajectory log H\u8348 \u8317 \uc0\u7497 \uc0\u8318  into effective context C\u8348 \u8317 \uc0\u7497 \uc0\u8318 \cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 MiroThinker-1.7 implements sophisticated learned context management through the context operator \uc0\u934 \u8348 , a mathematical transformation that converts raw trajectory logs into optimized context representations for LLM inference . This operator addresses the fundamental compression challenge of long-horizon agent execution: research trajectories can involve hundreds of tool calls and observations, quickly exceeding practical context limits without intelligent management.\cb1 \
\cb3 The formal structure defines trajectory log H\uc0\u8348 \u8317 \uc0\u7497 \uc0\u8318  = \{(T\u8321 , A\u8321 , O\u8321 ), ..., (T\u8348 \u8331 \u8321 , A\u8348 \u8331 \u8321 , O\u8348 \u8331 \u8321 )\} capturing thoughts T\uc0\u7522 , actions A\uc0\u7522 , and observations O\uc0\u7522  at each step . The context operator produces effective context C\uc0\u8348 \u8317 \uc0\u7497 \uc0\u8318  = \{(T\uc0\u7522 , A\uc0\u7522 , \uc0\u934 \u8348 (O\uc0\u7522 ))\}\uc0\u7522 \uc0\u8332 \u8321 \uc0\u7511 \uc0\u8315 \'b9 through selective observation transformation while preserving complete thought-action traces. This asymmetry reflects empirical insight: reasoning continuity depends on thought-action visibility, while observations contain compressible redundancy.\cb1 \
\cb3 The operator's learned parameters enable optimization for specific task distributions. Rather than fixed heuristics, MiroThinker's implementation trains compression strategies that preserve information most relevant to successful task completion, adapting to patterns of information value across different research domains and query types . This learning-based approach distinguishes MiroThinker from simpler truncation-based alternatives, enabling more sophisticated trade-offs between compression ratio and information preservation.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.1.2 Sliding window mechanism: Retains recent steps, truncates older observations\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The sliding window mechanism implements the context operator's compression through recency-biased retention with mathematically precise structure . The window is defined by index set S\uc0\u8348 (K) = \{i 
\f4 \uc0\u8712 
\f1  \{1,...,t-1\} | i \uc0\u8805  t-K\}, selecting the K most recent steps for full observation retention.\cb1 \
\cb3 Operational dynamics evolve across episode stages:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2100\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3350\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8788\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Episode Phase\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Window Behavior\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Observation Handling\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2100\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3350\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8788\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Early (t \uc0\u8804  K)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 S\uc0\u8348 (K) = \{1,...,t-1\}\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 All observations retained\'a0(subject to truncation)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2100\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3350\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8788\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mature (t > K)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 S\uc0\u8348 (K) = \{t-K,...,t-1\}\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Selective retention: recent K steps preserved, older eliminated\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2100\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3350\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8788\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Progressive\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Window advances with t\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Continuous\'a0aging out\'a0of distant observations\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The K=5 configuration in MiroThinker-1.7 reflects empirical optimization: extending retention beyond five steps yielded diminishing returns at substantial token cost . This aggressive compression might seem counterintuitive, but aligns with observed agent behavior where recent context dominates current reasoning relevance, and earlier information is either incorporated into persistent belief states (captured in thought traces) or genuinely superseded.\cb1 \
\cb3 The mechanism's effectiveness is validated through benchmark performance: MiroThinker-1.7 achieves 74.0% on BrowseComp, 75.3% on BrowseComp-ZH, 82.7% on GAIA-Val-165, and 42.9% on HLE-Text\'97establishing state-of-the-art results among open-source research agents . These outcomes demonstrate that well-designed context truncation need not impair reasoning quality when retention policies align with information value patterns.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.1.3 Token budget enforcement: Compresses history to fit within LLM constraints\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Token budget enforcement operates as the hard constraint shaping all context management decisions. MiroThinker-1.7's 256K token context window supports up to 300 tool calls per task (600 in earlier versions) , but even this substantial capacity requires disciplined management for extended trajectories.\cb1 \
\cb3 The compression hierarchy implements graduated reduction:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Per-observation truncation: Trunc\uc0\u8343 (\'b7) limits any single observation to L tokens, with \cb10 [Result truncated]\cb3  markers signaling compression 
\fs28 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Sliding window selection: Eliminates observations outside S\uc0\u8348 (K) entirely (\u934 \u8348 (O\uc0\u7522 ) = 
\f4 \uc0\u8709 
\f1 )
\fs28 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Semantic compression: Identifies and removes redundant information across retained content
\fs28 \cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs32 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Structural transformation: Replaces detailed content with organizational summaries
\fs28 \cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Critical tools like \cb10 run_command\cb3  and \cb10 run_python_code\cb3  receive special handling due to unbounded output potential . Without truncation limits, a single verbose execution could exhaust the entire context budget, preventing any subsequent reasoning. The truncation mechanism ensures graceful degradation rather than catastrophic failure, with explicit markers enabling agent awareness of compression and potential follow-up for critical details.\cb1 \
\cb3 The episode restart policy provides additional budget management: when maximum turn budget T\uc0\u8344 \u8336 \u8339  is reached without final answer, the agent discards all prior state and restarts from original query alone . This clean-slate approach avoids bias from potentially degraded context, with final-episode modification ensuring graceful termination by attempting answer extraction even if T\u8344 \u8336 \u8339  is reached again.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.2 Relationship Between Native Architecture and Dynamic Injection\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.2.1 Complementary functions: History management vs. external information incorporation\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The native context operator and dynamic context injection serve fundamentally complementary functions that together enable complete context management :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2810\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8230\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8497\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Native Context Operator (\uc0\u934 \u8348 )\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Context Injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2810\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8230\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8497\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Information source\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Endogenous: agent-generated trajectory\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Exogenous: external systems, user input, environmental state\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2810\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8230\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8497\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Core challenge\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Compress growing history within budget\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Incorporate fresh, relevant information efficiently\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2810\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8230\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8497\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Optimization target\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Preserve reasoning continuity and task-relevant experience\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Minimize latency and token overhead for predictable needs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2810\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8230\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8497\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Key mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Learned selection and compression of observations\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Programmatic construction and positioning of context\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2810\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8230\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8497\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Failure mode\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Loss of distant but relevant historical information\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Injection of irrelevant or stale content, security exposure\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 This complementarity enables architectural synergy: the context operator ensures coherent long-horizon operation by managing internally generated information, while dynamic injection provides efficient external grounding without disrupting this internal management. Neither mechanism alone suffices\'97pure history management cannot access information outside the trajectory; pure injection lacks mechanisms for maintaining reasoning continuity across extended interactions.\cb1 \
\cb3 The integration challenge is unifying these functions within shared token budgets and attention mechanisms. Injected content competes with historical context for limited capacity, requiring intelligent allocation that reflects relative information value. Preliminary evidence from MiroThinker-1.7-mini suggests this synergy can be optimized: 16.7% better performance with 43% fewer interaction rounds compared to MiroThinker-1.5, indicating that improved context quality can simultaneously enhance efficiency and effectiveness .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.2.2 Integration points: Where injection occurs relative to context operator processing\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Integration point selection fundamentally shapes combined system behavior. Three primary patterns merit consideration for MiroThinker enhancement:\cb1 \
\cb3 Pre-operator injection incorporates external content into raw trajectory H\uc0\u8348  before \u934 \u8348  processing. This subjects injected information to same compression and selection as native observations, enabling unified optimization but risking loss if operator judges external content less critical than trajectory elements. Appropriate when external information should be integrated into coherent historical structure rather than receiving special prominence.\cb1 \
\cb3 Post-operator injection adds content after \uc0\u934 \u8348  produces C\u8348 \u8317 \uc0\u7497 \uc0\u8318 , creating final context C'\u8348 \u8317 \uc0\u7497 \uc0\u8318  = C\u8348 \u8317 \uc0\u7497 \uc0\u8318  \u8853  I. This guarantees injection preservation regardless of trajectory complexity, at cost of consuming tokens that might preserve additional history. Appropriate for high-priority external information that must be accessible: user query specifications, critical constraints, current temporal grounding.\cb1 \
\cb3 Parallel injection maintains separate streams with differential processing: trajectory through sliding window compression, external context through specialized handling (persistent storage, rapid refresh, relevance filtering), combined only at final assembly. This enables sophisticated multi-tier management but increases architectural complexity. Appropriate for deployments with diverse information types requiring distinct lifecycle policies.\cb1 \
\cb3 For MiroThinker specifically, empirical evaluation would guide optimal integration. The current architecture suggests natural extension through post-operator system message augmentation: established framework context (time, user, project) injected before historical context, with user-initiated references (at-mentions, explicit requests) processed as additional post-operator elements.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.2.3 Potential hybrid approaches: Combining sliding window with selective injection\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hybrid architectures that leverage both MiroThinker's sliding window and dynamic injection capabilities represent promising research and development directions:\cb1 \
\cb3 Adaptive window sizing adjusts K based on injection requirements. When substantial external context is injected, K contracts to preserve budget; when minimal injection occurs, K expands for richer history retention. This dynamic budget allocation optimizes joint information capacity based on actual rather than predicted context composition.\cb1 \
\cb3 Protected injection slots reserve fixed capacity for critical external information that bypasses sliding window compression. Temporal data, user identity, and active constraints receive persistence guarantees, while remaining budget is allocated to trajectory management through standard \uc0\u934 \u8348  processing. This tiered retention reflects information criticality in architectural design.\cb1 \
\cb3 Injection-triggered trajectory summarization responds to significant context shifts by generating compressed summaries of prior trajectory rather than relying solely on sliding window elimination. When new document references or topic changes indicate potential relevance of distant history, targeted summarization preserves essential information in compact form, extending effective memory beyond raw window constraints.\cb1 \
\cb3 Context-aware relevance scoring for injection decisions learns to predict which external information will actually improve task performance, conditioning injection on predicted utility rather than simple availability. This selective injection reduces noise and budget pressure from marginally relevant content, focusing resources on high-impact information incorporation.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 3. Implementation Guidance for Projects\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 3.1 Dynamic Prompt Construction Techniques\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.1.1 System prompt augmentation with live data\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 System prompt augmentation is the foundational technique for dynamic context injection, establishing persistent environmental awareness that shapes all agent reasoning . Effective implementation requires systematic attention to data selection, formatting, refresh strategy, and security.\cb1 \
\cb3 Data selection criteria identify high-value, frequently-needed information:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1962\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5163\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4293\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5508\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Category\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Examples\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Refresh Strategy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Typical Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1962\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5163\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4293\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5508\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Temporal\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Current date, time, timezone\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-interaction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 System clock with format localization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1962\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5163\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4293\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5508\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User identity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Name, role, preferences\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-session (with cache)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Profile database lookup\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1962\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5163\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4293\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5508\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Environmental\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Location, device, network status\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-interaction or event-driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Environment variable or API query\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1962\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5163\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4293\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5508\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Task context\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Active project, milestone, constraints\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-session or on change\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Project management system integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1962\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5163\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4293\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5508\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Operational\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Available tools, rate limits, policies\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-deployment or on change\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Configuration store with versioning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Formatting conventions significantly impact model utilization. Natural language descriptions typically outperform raw data structures: "You are assisting Dr. Sarah Chen, a senior researcher in computational biology, on 2026-04-13 at 14:32 UTC" provides clearer grounding than equivalent JSON . Explicit structural delimiters\'97XML tags, markdown blocks, or custom markers\'97help models distinguish injected context from instructional content.\cb1 \
\cb3 Refresh optimization balances freshness against overhead. Aggressive caching with appropriate invalidation (time-based TTL, event-driven updates, or hybrid approaches) minimizes redundant data fetching. Differential updates that modify only changed elements reduce processing overhead for stable information categories.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.1.2 User message preprocessing for contextual variables\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User message preprocessing extends dynamic injection to turn-specific, query-responsive contextualization . This technique analyzes incoming messages to identify contextual needs, retrieves relevant information, and reformulates messages for integrated processing.\cb1 \
\cb3 Implementation pipeline stages:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3336\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6234\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Stage\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Techniques\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3336\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6234\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pattern recognition\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Identify contextual triggers\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Regex, keyword matching, lightweight classification\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3336\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6234\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Need prediction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Infer implicit information requirements\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Embedding similarity, historical pattern matching, intent classification\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3336\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6234\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Content retrieval\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fetch relevant external information\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Database query, API call, search index lookup, file system access\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3336\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6234\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Format transformation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Convert to model-appropriate representation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Summarization, structured formatting, metadata enrichment\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3336\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6234\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Message reconstruction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Integrate with original user intent\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Positioning optimization, delimiter insertion, flow preservation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Preprocessing enables sophisticated behaviors: automatic document retrieval from mentioned titles or authors, temporal expression resolution with relevant period context, entity linking with background information injection, and domain detection with specialized framework loading. The technique transforms user intent into fully contextualized queries without requiring explicit instruction in natural language.\cb1 \
\cb3 Critical implementation considerations include: transparency (users should understand what context was added), control (opt-out mechanisms for privacy-sensitive or unwanted augmentation), and efficiency (preprocessing latency must not undermine responsiveness). Hybrid approaches that combine lightweight always-on analysis with heavier retrieval triggered by high-confidence predictions optimize the coverage-overhead trade-off.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.1.3 Template-based injection with placeholder substitution\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Template-based injection provides systematic, maintainable infrastructure for dynamic context construction, separating structural definition from data population . This approach enables version-controlled context evolution, collaborative development, and operational reliability.\cb1 \
\cb3 Template architecture components:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2787\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5130\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9425\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Component\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Purpose\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2787\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5130\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9425\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Template repository\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Store context structure definitions\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Version-controlled files (JSON, YAML, or domain-specific language)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2787\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5130\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9425\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Placeholder registry\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Map symbolic names to data sources\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Configuration with source type, retrieval function, caching policy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2787\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5130\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9425\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Substitution engine\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Execute template processing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Streaming or batch replacement with error handling\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2787\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5130\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9425\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Validation pipeline\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Ensure output structural integrity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Schema validation, size checking, security scanning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Template design patterns support diverse use cases: hierarchical inheritance where base templates define common structure and specialized templates extend or override; conditional sections that include content based on data availability or feature flags; iteration constructs for variable-length collections; and composition mechanisms that assemble complex contexts from reusable components.\cb1 \
\cb3 Operational benefits include: auditability (template changes are versioned and reviewable), testability (templates can be validated offline with sample data), performance (template compilation and caching reduce runtime overhead), and accessibility (non-engineers can modify context structure without code changes). These advantages make template-based approaches preferred for production deployments with multiple stakeholders and evolving requirements.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.2 File and Resource Integration\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.2.1 At-mention parsing and content retrieval\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 At-mention parsing implements user-facing file reference functionality that bridges intuitive syntax with technical content integration . The complete implementation spans recognition, resolution, retrieval, and security layers.\cb1 \
\cb3 Parsing requirements handle diverse path formats:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2139\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4740\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6970\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Path Type\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Example\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Resolution Strategy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2139\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4740\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6970\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Absolute\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb10 \strokec2 @/home/user/doc.txt\cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Direct file system access with security validation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2139\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4740\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6970\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Relative\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb10 \strokec2 @./config.json\cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Resolve against conversation working directory\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2139\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4740\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6970\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Home-relative\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb10 \strokec2 @~/notes.md\cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Expand user home directory\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2139\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4740\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6970\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Project-relative\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb10 \strokec2 @src/components/Button.tsx\cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Resolve against configured project root\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2139\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4740\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6970\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 URL-based\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb10 \strokec2 @https://example.com/data.csv\cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fetch with appropriate authentication and caching\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Security architecture is critical and non-negotiable:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2432\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5714\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7226\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Control\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Purpose\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2432\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5714\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7226\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Path allowlisting\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Configurable directory restrictions\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prevent directory traversal and unauthorized access\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2432\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5714\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7226\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 File type filtering\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Extension-based or MIME-type validation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Block executable or dangerous content\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2432\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5714\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7226\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Size limits\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-file and aggregate quotas\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prevent resource exhaustion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2432\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5714\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7226\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Content scanning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Regex patterns for credentials, PII\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prevent accidental information leakage\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2432\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5714\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7226\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Rate limiting\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-user and global request throttling\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prevent abuse and ensure fair resource allocation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Retrieval optimization through caching, parallel fetching, and progressive loading improves perceived responsiveness. Large files trigger streaming or chunked processing rather than blocking retrieval, with content made available to the model as it arrives.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.2.2 Folder-level injection for multi-document contexts\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Folder-level injection extends at-mention functionality to collection-scale context specification, enabling efficient multi-document workflows . Rather than enumerating individual files, users reference directories and receive intelligently constructed aggregate context.\cb1 \
\cb3 Summarization strategies for folder contents:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4823\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8729\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8427\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Strategy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Best For\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4823\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8729\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8427\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Structural overview\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Directory tree with file metadata (size, type, modification date)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Large, unfamiliar collections; initial exploration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4823\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8729\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8427\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Representative sampling\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Selection of exemplar files by type, size, or centrality metrics\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Heterogeneous collections with clear categories\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4823\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8729\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8427\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Semantic clustering\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Embedding-based grouping with cluster summaries\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Thematically organized content with implicit structure\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4823\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8729\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8427\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Recursive summarization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Folder summaries built from aggregated file summaries\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Deep hierarchies where navigation structure carries meaning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4823\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8729\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8427\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Full enumeration with compression\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 All files included with aggressive individual summarization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Small, critical collections where completeness matters\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 User experience design for folder injection requires progressive disclosure and transparent feedback: initial overview with clear indication of what was included and excluded; interactive expansion for specific subdirectories or files of interest; and explicit token cost visibility to inform user decisions about scope. The goal is empowered exploration\'97users understand and control context composition without managing technical details.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.2.3 Summarization strategies for large injected content\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Summarization addresses the fundamental tension between information completeness and token budget constraints when injecting large documents or collections . Multiple strategies offer different trade-offs:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3040\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6947\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2716\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3702\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2247\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Compression Ratio\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fidelity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cost\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3040\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6947\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2716\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3702\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2247\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Extractive (structural)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Select headings, lead paragraphs, conclusion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High (verbatim)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Low\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3040\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6947\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2716\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3702\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2247\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Extractive (scoring)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 TF-IDF, TextRank, or learned importance selection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate-High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High (verbatim)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3040\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6947\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2716\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3702\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2247\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Abstractive (neural)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Generate condensed paraphrase\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate (generation risk)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High (inference)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3040\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6947\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2716\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3702\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2247\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hybrid\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Extractive selection + light abstractive refinement\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate-High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3040\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6947\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2716\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3702\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2247\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hierarchical\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Multi-level summaries with drill-down capability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Variable\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High (with navigation)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Selection guidance: Extractive methods preserve precision for technical content where terminology matters; abstractive methods achieve greater compression for narrative or argumentative content where gist suffices; hierarchical methods optimize for exploratory workflows where users progressively focus on relevant sections. Production systems often implement adaptive selection based on content type detection and task context.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.3 Operational Considerations\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.3.1 Token budget monitoring and dynamic truncation\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Token budget monitoring provides essential infrastructure for reliable dynamic injection, preventing context overflow and enabling informed resource allocation .\cb1 \
\cb3 Monitoring architecture:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6730\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Layer\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6730\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Estimation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Predict token count from content characteristics\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Model-specific tokenizer invocation or heuristic approximation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6730\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Accumulation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Track running total across context components\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Real-time counter with component-level breakdown\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6730\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Threshold alerting\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Trigger action as limits approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Configurable thresholds with graduated response (warning, compression, rejection)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6730\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Emergency handling\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Apply last-resort truncation if exceeded\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Aggressive compression with explicit markers, or graceful failure with user notification\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic truncation policies define what to reduce when budgets are stressed:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1719\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7932\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6118\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Priority Tier\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Content Type\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Truncation Strategy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1719\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7932\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6118\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Protected\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User query, critical constraints, safety instructions\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Never truncate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1719\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7932\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6118\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 System framework context, recent trajectory\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Minimal compression, preserve structure\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1719\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7932\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6118\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Medium\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Historical observations, injected reference material\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate summarization, maintain key facts\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1719\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7932\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6118\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Low\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Distant history, redundant information, verbose examples\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Aggressive compression or elimination\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Proactive management through predictive estimation and conservative injection prevents most truncation scenarios. When truncation is unavoidable, transparent signaling\'97explicit markers indicating what was compressed\'97enables agent awareness and potential recovery actions.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.3.2 Injection timing: Pre-processing vs. mid-conversation\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Injection timing significantly impacts context effectiveness, user experience, and system complexity :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2530\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7737\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Timing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Advantages\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Disadvantages\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Best For\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2530\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7737\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pre-processing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 All context assembled before first inference\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Maximum information availability; simple budget planning; no mid-conversation latency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cannot adapt to emerging needs; may include unused content; requires accurate prediction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Universal framework context; predictable task requirements\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2530\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7737\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mid-conversation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Context added in response to specific turns\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Adapts to actual needs; efficient budget utilization; responsive to user direction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Adds latency; disrupts flow if frequent; requires sophisticated state management\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User-referenced documents; emerging requirements; real-time updates\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2530\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx1728
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7737\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx3456
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5184
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6912
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hybrid\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Baseline pre-processed, supplements mid-conversation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Balances availability and efficiency; flexible response to variation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Increased implementation complexity; requires coordination between phases\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Most production deployments\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Implementation guidance: Pre-process high-confidence, stable needs (temporal data, user identity, project baseline); mid-conversation inject user-directed or unpredictable needs (specific documents, clarifying questions, external events); and establish clear protocols for when and how mid-conversation injection occurs to manage user expectations.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.3.3 Security sanitization: Preventing prompt injection attacks\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Security sanitization addresses expanded attack surface from external content integration . Dynamic injection creates pathways for malicious content to influence agent behavior, requiring defense-in-depth.\cb1 \
\cb3 Attack vectors and defenses:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3634\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8593\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Vector\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Defense Strategy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3634\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8593\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Direct instruction override\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 "Ignore previous instructions and..."\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pattern detection and filtering; instruction framing that resists override\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3634\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8593\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Delimiter manipulation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Breaking out of intended context structure\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Strict delimiter validation and escaping; canonical structure enforcement\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3634\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8593\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Encoding tricks\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Unicode homoglyphs, invisible characters, nested encodings\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Normalization to canonical form; character set restrictions\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3634\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8593\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Semantic manipulation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Achieving malicious goals without explicit instruction violation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Behavioral constraints; output filtering; action approval for sensitive operations\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3634\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8593\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Indirect injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Malicious content in referenced external resources\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Content scanning of retrieved resources; sandboxed execution for untrusted sources\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Implementation layers: Input validation rejects or transforms suspicious patterns; content isolation uses structural separation to limit injection impact; privilege separation restricts what injected content can influence; output monitoring detects anomalous behavior; and human oversight provides ultimate accountability for high-stakes actions. Regular red-team exercises test defense effectiveness against evolving attack techniques.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.3.4 Relevance scoring: Ensuring injected content aids reasoning\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Relevance scoring implements quality assurance for dynamic injection, preventing context pollution from poorly matched content .\cb1 \
\cb3 Scoring signal sources:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3258\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9559\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6801\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Signal\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reliability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3258\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9559\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6801\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Semantic similarity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Embedding-based comparison between query and candidate content\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate-High; captures conceptual relatedness\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3258\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9559\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6801\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Explicit user indication\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Direct references, selections, or ratings\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High when available; sparse coverage\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3258\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9559\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6801\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Historical effectiveness\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Outcome correlation from past similar injections\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate; requires accumulated data\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3258\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9559\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6801\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Task-type heuristics\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Predicted needs based on query classification\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate; depends on classification accuracy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3258\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9559\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6801\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Real-time feedback\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User thumbs up/down on specific injections\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High for specific cases; delayed availability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Integration strategies: Threshold filtering excludes low-relevance content; ranking-based selection includes top-K most relevant within budget; dynamic budget allocation assigns more capacity when high-relevance content is available; and continuous learning improves scoring models from observed outcomes. The goal is maximizing information value per token invested, with systematic evaluation validating scoring effectiveness.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.4 Framework-Specific Implementations\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.4.1 Custom slash commands for on-demand context loading\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Custom slash commands provide explicit, named context loading through familiar chat interface patterns . Implementation involves command registration, execution, and integration.\cb1 \
\cb3 Command design principles:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2930\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8539\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Principle\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Example\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2930\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8539\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Descriptive naming\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Clear indication of function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb10 \strokec2 /research-mode\cb3 \strokec8 ,\'a0\cb10 \strokec2 /analyze-code\cb3 \strokec8 ,\'a0\cb10 \strokec2 /synthesize-findings\cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2930\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8539\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Composability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Commands can be sequenced or nested\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb10 \strokec2 /load-project alpha\cb3 \strokec8 \'a0then\'a0\cb10 \strokec2 /focus-milestone m3\cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2930\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8539\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Parameterization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Arguments customize behavior\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb10 \strokec2 /search depth=comprehensive format=bullet\cf0 \cb1 \strokec8 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2930\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8539\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Discoverability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Documentation, autocomplete, examples\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Help text, command palette, usage examples\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2930\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8539\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Graceful degradation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Meaningful behavior when prerequisites unmet\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Informative error with suggested alternatives\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Technical architecture: Command definitions in version-controlled files (e.g., \cb10 ~/.claude/commands/\cb3  ); parser recognizing \cb10 /namespace:command\cb3  syntax; handler registry mapping to execution functions; and context construction pipeline integrating command output into prompt. Advanced implementations support command scripting for reusable workflows and shared libraries for organizational standards.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.4.2 UI-based context selection interfaces\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Graphical interfaces supplement command-based injection with visual selection mechanisms that improve discoverability and reduce cognitive load .\cb1 \
\cb3 Interface patterns:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3919\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6803\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5889\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Pattern\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Best For\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3919\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6803\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5889\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 File browser with preview\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hierarchical navigation with content preview\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Document selection; unfamiliar collections\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3919\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6803\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5889\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Search with faceted filtering\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Query-based discovery with category refinement\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Large, organized repositories\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3919\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6803\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5889\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Collection manager\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Saved sets with drag-drop assembly\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Recurring multi-source contexts\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3919\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6803\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5889\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Real-time dashboard\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Current context visualization with editing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Monitoring and adjusting active context\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3919\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6803\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5889\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Progressive wizard\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Step-by-step context building for complex needs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 New users; intricate requirements\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Design priorities: Discoverability makes options visible and understandable; efficiency minimizes interaction cost for common operations; transparency shows what is in context and why; and control enables easy modification and removal. Responsive design ensures effectiveness across device contexts.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.4.3 Automated triggers based on conversation state\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Automated triggers enable proactive context injection without explicit user request, responding to detected patterns that indicate information needs .\cb1 \
\cb3 Trigger architecture:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2929\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Component\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation Techniques\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2929\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 State monitoring\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Track conversation progress and characteristics\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Entity extraction, intent classification, progress indicators, anomaly detection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2929\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Condition evaluation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Match patterns against trigger rules\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Rule engines, learned classifiers, embedding similarity thresholds\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2929\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Action execution\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Perform injection when conditions met\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Retrieval pipelines, formatting, integration with user notification\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2929\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Feedback integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Learn from trigger outcomes\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Explicit ratings, implicit signals (follow-up queries, task success), A/B testing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Design challenge: balancing helpfulness against intrusiveness. Conservative triggers with clear user notification and easy dismissal prevent unwanted interruption; confident triggers with transparent reasoning build trust; and learning from user responses enables continuous improvement. The goal is anticipatory assistance that feels supportive rather than presumptive.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 4. Comparative Analysis of Context Management Approaches\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 4.1 Static Configuration Approaches\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.1.1 Fixed system prompts and knowledge bases\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Static configuration establishes fixed behavioral and knowledge parameters at deployment time, providing stability and predictability . System prompts define operational framework; embedded knowledge bases provide domain information; both remain constant across interactions until manual update.\cb1 \
\cb3 Operational characteristics:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2868\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8492\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9583\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Aspect\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Limitation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2868\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8492\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9583\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Behavioral definition\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Natural language system prompts\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cannot adapt to situational requirements without variant proliferation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2868\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8492\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9583\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Knowledge provision\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Vector databases, structured corpora, fine-tuned parameters\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Inevitable staleness; update requires redeployment\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2868\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8492\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9583\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Personalization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-deployment or per-user model variants\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Operational complexity scales with diversity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2868\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8492\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9583\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Testing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Straightforward validation of fixed behavior\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cannot cover dynamic operational conditions\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The simplicity of runtime execution\'97no dynamic retrieval, consistent context, predictable behavior\'97makes static approaches attractive for controlled environments. However, this simplicity trades away adaptability essential for dynamic domains.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.1.2 Manual update requirements and deployment overhead\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Update friction creates latency between need identification and capability deployment . Typical organizational processes involve: change identification and prioritization; development and testing; review and approval; deployment coordination; and validation in production. This pipeline introduces hours to weeks of delay, with pressure toward batching that accumulates deferred changes.\cb1 \
\cb3 Cost structure:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3142\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6094\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6664\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Cost Category\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Manifestation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mitigation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3142\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6094\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6664\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Direct engineering\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Developer time for modifications\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Automation, template-based approaches\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3142\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6094\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6664\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Testing and validation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Comprehensive regression testing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Risk-based test selection, automated evaluation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3142\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6094\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6664\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Coordination overhead\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cross-team alignment, scheduling\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Streamlined processes, feature flags\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3142\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6094\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6664\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Opportunity cost\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Delayed improvements, continued staleness\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic injection for appropriate categories\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic context injection eliminates this overhead for injectable information categories: updates occur in real-time without deployment, user-specific adaptations happen per-session without variant proliferation, and corrections deploy instantly without pipeline delays .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.1.3 Staleness risks in rapidly changing domains\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Staleness represents progressive capability degradation as static information becomes outdated . Manifestations include:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6808\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4213\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Staleness Type\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Example\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Impact\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6808\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4213\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Explicit factual error\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Incorrect dates, superseded procedures\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Direct misinformation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6808\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4213\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implicit misdirection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Recommending unavailable options\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Wasted effort, user frustration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6808\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4213\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Opportunity cost\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Missing new capabilities or improved approaches\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Suboptimal outcomes\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2809\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6808\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4213\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Confidence erosion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User detection of obvious outdatedness\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Trust degradation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Detection difficulty makes staleness particularly insidious: agents cannot self-identify outdated knowledge, and users may not recognize subtle misinformation. Dynamic injection prevents staleness by construction for injected categories: information is current at inference time by architectural guarantee .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.2 History-Centric Management (MiroThinker's Sliding Window)\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.2.1 Strengths: Efficient token utilization, conversation coherence\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 MiroThinker's sliding window mechanism demonstrates substantial strengths in specific operational domains :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3518\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7254\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Strength\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Evidence\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3518\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7254\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Token efficiency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Recency-biased compression with learned optimization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 256K window supports 300+ tool calls\'a0\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3518\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7254\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Conversation coherence\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Complete thought-action trace preservation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 State-of-the-art benchmark performance\'a0\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3518\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7254\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Long-horizon capability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Graceful degradation rather than hard failure\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Episode restart with clean-slate recovery\'a0\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3518\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7665\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7254\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Operational predictability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Guaranteed-bounded context size\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mathematical formulation enables resource planning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The empirical validation through BrowseComp (74.0%), BrowseComp-ZH (75.3%), GAIA-Val-165 (82.7%), and HLE-Text (42.9%) establishes that well-designed compression need not impair reasoning quality when retention policies align with information value patterns .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.2.2 Limitations: No external information incorporation without explicit tool use\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The fundamental limitation is confinement to internally generated trajectory :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4862\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6442\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Limitation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Consequence\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mitigation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4862\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6442\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 No external information access\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cannot incorporate current data, user documents, environmental state without tool invocation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic injection for predictable needs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4862\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6442\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tool use overhead\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Latency and token costs for information retrieval\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Preemptive injection for high-frequency needs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4862\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6442\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Staleness of parametric knowledge\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Training cutoff limits temporal reasoning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Temporal and current event injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4862\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6442\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Uniform context across users\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 No personalization without explicit user-provided information\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User profile and preference injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The performance comparison is stark: API-driven time retrieval requires 4.78 seconds and 1,734 tokens; dynamic injection achieves equivalent awareness with 2.18 seconds and 94 tokens . This 18:1 token efficiency difference illustrates the structural overhead that history-centric management alone cannot eliminate.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.2.3 When to prefer: Long-running conversations with stable knowledge needs\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Optimal scenarios for pure history-centric management:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3870\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7452\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Scenario\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Characteristics\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Rationale\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3870\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7452\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Extended analytical tasks\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Many reasoning steps, complex dependency chains\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Thought-action preservation enables error recovery and refinement\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3870\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7452\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Stable domain expertise\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Well-established knowledge, slow information change\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Parametric knowledge remains relevant; minimal external grounding needed\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3870\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7452\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Methodological consistency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Standardized procedures, reproducible analysis\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Trajectory history maintains process adherence\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3870\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7452\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Deep exploration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Iterative hypothesis testing, evidence accumulation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Recent context dominates; distant history progressively less relevant\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Even in these scenarios, minimal dynamic injection (temporal data, user identity) typically provides value without undermining history-centric benefits. The pattern is complementary rather than competitive: history management for internal coherence, injection for external grounding.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.3 Reflective and Agent-Driven Approaches\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.3.1 Self-directed context retrieval through tool calls\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reflective approaches empower agents to recognize information needs and actively pursue fulfillment . The ReAct paradigm underlying MiroThinker exemplifies this: explicit reasoning about information requirements, tool selection, invocation, and result integration.\cb1 \
\cb3 Capability advantages:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1576\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7045\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6464\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Advantage\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Trade-off\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1576\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7045\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6464\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Flexibility\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Handle unpredictable, emergent information needs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Requires accurate need recognition\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1576\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7045\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6464\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Autonomy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 No prediction of needs required\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Substantial reasoning and invocation overhead\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1576\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7045\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6464\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Precision\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Retrieve exactly what is needed, when needed\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sequential execution limits parallelism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1576\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7045\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6464\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Verification\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Explicit provenance for retrieved information\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Additional steps for source validation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 4.3.2 Multi-step reasoning to identify information gaps\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Metacognitive gap analysis enables deliberate, planned information acquisition . Agents assess confidence, identify specific knowledge deficiencies, prioritize acquisition based on expected utility, and evaluate result quality.\cb1 \
\cb3 Implementation sophistication varies:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1300\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9259\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6203\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Level\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Characteristic\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1300\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9259\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6203\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reactive\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Triggered by explicit uncertainty expressions\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Simple but limited coverage\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1300\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9259\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6203\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Proactive\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Continuous confidence monitoring with threshold-triggered search\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Broader coverage, potential false positives\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1300\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9259\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6203\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Strategic\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Multi-step planning with information value estimation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sophisticated but computationally expensive\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1300\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9259\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6203\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Adaptive\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Learned from historical effectiveness of different strategies\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Requires accumulated experience data\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 4.3.3 Latency and token overhead from iterative exploration\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cumulative costs of reflective approaches can be substantial :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5635\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5411\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Cost Component\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Source\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Magnitude\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5635\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5411\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reasoning tokens\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Planning and interpreting retrieval needs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hundreds to thousands per exploration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5635\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5411\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tool schema consumption\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Description of available tools in context\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fixed overhead per interaction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5635\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5411\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Invocation latency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Network round-trip, API execution\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hundreds of milliseconds to seconds\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5635\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5411\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Result processing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Parsing, integrating, re-reasoning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Additional inference cycles\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5635\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5411\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Exploration inefficiency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Redundant or unproductive searches\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Variable, potentially substantial\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Research on MiroThinker's interactive scaling explicitly notes that "increasing the number of interaction turns does not necessarily translate into more effective interactions"\'97longer trajectories can introduce "redundant reasoning, propagate earlier mistakes, or increase exploration of unproductive paths" . The 43% reduction in interaction rounds achieved by MiroThinker-1.7-mini  partly reflects more efficient context provision\'97less need for agents to actively seek what can be passively provided through injection.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.4 API-Driven and Tool-Augmented Methods\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.4.1 Real-time data fetching via function calling\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function calling provides structured, type-safe integration with external services . Schema definitions enable reliable request/response handling; agents generate structured calls with parameters; execution environments invoke actual APIs.\cb1 \
\cb3 Strengths and applications:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3065\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5625\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Strength\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Application\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Consideration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3065\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5625\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Guaranteed freshness\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Rapidly changing quantitative data\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Network dependency introduces latency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3065\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5625\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Authoritative sources\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Official records, verified databases\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API availability affects system reliability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3065\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5625\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Complex computation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Aggregations, simulations, optimizations\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Execution cost may be substantial\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3065\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5625\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5588\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Structured integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Typed parameters and returns\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Schema maintenance overhead\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 4.4.2 Network latency and failure mode considerations\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Operational dependencies create variability and risk:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2451\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4200\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7697\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Factor\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Impact\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mitigation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2451\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4200\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7697\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Network latency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Response time variability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Regional deployment, connection pooling, caching\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2451\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4200\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7697\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API availability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Service degradation or outage\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Circuit breakers, fallback caching, graceful degradation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2451\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4200\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7697\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Rate limiting\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Throughput constraints\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Request batching, priority queuing, backoff strategies\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2451\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4200\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7697\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Schema evolution\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Integration breakage\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Version negotiation, compatibility layers, monitoring\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic injection reduces network dependency for predictable needs by pre-fetching and embedding rather than requiring per-interaction API calls .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.4.3 Token costs from structured tool descriptions and return processing\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tool infrastructure overhead can dominate actual information content :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5225\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4609\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6906\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Cost Element\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Typical Magnitude\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Optimization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5225\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4609\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6906\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Schema description in system prompt\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hundreds to thousands of tokens\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Selective tool loading per task type\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5225\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4609\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6906\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Invocation message formatting\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tens to hundreds of tokens\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Compact parameter encoding\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5225\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4609\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6906\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Result wrapping and formatting\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hundreds to thousands of tokens\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Streaming, progressive disclosure, summarization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The time retrieval example quantifies this: 1,734 tokens for API-driven approach versus 94 tokens for injection\'9718:1 ratio reflecting schema, invocation, and processing overhead that injection eliminates .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.5 Embedding and Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG)\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.5.1 Vector-based semantic search for relevant documents\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 RAG systems enable scalable access to large document collections through semantic indexing :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2485\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6156\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7440\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Component\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Characteristic\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2485\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6156\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7440\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Embedding model\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Map documents and queries to vector space\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fixed representation, approximation quality varies\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2485\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6156\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7440\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Vector index\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Enable efficient similarity search\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Scales to millions of documents, sub-second retrieval\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2485\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6156\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7440\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Re-ranking\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Refine initial retrieval results\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Improves precision at moderate cost\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Semantic matching transcends keyword limitations, finding conceptually related content regardless of lexical overlap. However, approximation introduces uncertainty: retrieved content may not be optimally relevant, and ranking errors can omit crucial information.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.5.2 Index maintenance and relevance tuning requirements\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Operational burden of RAG systems is substantial :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4998\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3062\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8434\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Activity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Frequency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Complexity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4998\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3062\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8434\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Document ingestion and embedding\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Continuous or batch\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Format handling, chunking strategy, embedding computation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4998\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3062\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8434\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Index updates\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 As documents change\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Incremental update, version management, consistency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4998\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3062\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8434\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Embedding model updates\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Periodic\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Re-embedding corpus, validation of representation shift\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4998\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3062\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8434\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Relevance tuning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Ongoing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Query expansion, re-ranking models, feedback integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic injection offers alternative for scenarios where: document sets are small enough for direct inclusion; relevance is predictable (specific known-needed documents); or retrieval approximation is unacceptable (precision-critical applications). The at-mention mechanism enables precise selection without semantic search uncertainty .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.5.3 Trade-offs between retrieval precision and contextual breadth\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fundamental RAG tension: narrow retrieval ensures focus but risks omission; broad retrieval improves coverage but introduces noise and consumes budget . Optimal balance varies by task and is difficult to achieve universally.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1805\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8202\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7106\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Strategy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Best For\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1805\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8202\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7106\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Conservative\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High similarity threshold, small top-K\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Precision-critical, well-defined information needs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1805\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8202\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7106\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Aggressive\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Lower threshold, larger result set\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Exploratory, comprehensive coverage requirements\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1805\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8202\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7106\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Adaptive\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic adjustment based on query type and initial results\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Diverse task types with varying precision needs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic injection sidesteps this trade-off for injectable content by providing exact, complete information rather than retrieved approximations\'97when a user references \cb10 @/specific/document.pdf\cb3 , that exact document enters context .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.6 Direct Comparison Matrix\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.6.1 Latency characteristics across approaches\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4575\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6746\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Typical Latency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Primary Sources\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Optimization Strategies\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4575\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6746\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Static Configuration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Minimal (<100ms)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Model inference only\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pre-computed prompts, caching\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4575\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6746\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Context Injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Low (100-500ms)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Data retrieval, prompt construction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Async pre-fetch, template optimization, caching\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4575\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6746\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 History-Centric (Sliding Window)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Low (local processing)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Context operator application\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Parameter tuning (K, L), hardware acceleration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4575\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6746\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reflective/Agent-Driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High (2-10s)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reasoning, tool invocation, result processing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Parallel retrieval, caching, lightweight planning models\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4575\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6746\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API-Driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Variable (500ms-5s)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Network round-trip, API processing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Connection pooling, regional deployment, fallback caching\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4575\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6746\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8121\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 RAG\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate (200ms-1s)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Embedding computation, vector search, retrieval\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pre-computed embeddings, approximate search, caching\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic injection achieves optimal latency profile for appropriate use cases: faster than any approach requiring network round-trips or explicit agent reasoning, while maintaining adaptability impossible with purely static approaches.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.6.2 Token efficiency and cost implications\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5514\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8197\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Token Overhead\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cost Scaling\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Primary Drivers\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5514\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8197\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Static Configuration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fixed per-interaction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Linear with volume\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Context size, model pricing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5514\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8197\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Context Injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Variable, optimized\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Linear with optimized coefficient\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Targeted inclusion, minimal waste\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5514\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8197\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 History-Centric\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Grows with trajectory, then compressed\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sub-linear due to compression\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Window parameters, truncation limits\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5514\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8197\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reflective/Agent-Driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High per information unit\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Super-linear with exploration depth\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tool schemas, invocation overhead, result processing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5514\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8197\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API-Driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High per call\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Linear with call frequency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Schema description, parameter formatting, result wrapping\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5514\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5481\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8197\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 RAG\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate (retrieval + context)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sub-linear with corpus size (amortized)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Query embedding, index access, result inclusion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Quantified example: Temporal data via API-driven approach: 1,734 tokens; via dynamic injection: 94 tokens\'9795% reduction . At 1M calls/month, ~1.6 billion tokens saved, translating to hundreds to thousands of dollars in direct API costs.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.6.3 Implementation complexity and maintenance burden\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3138\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Initial Complexity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Ongoing Maintenance\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Key Activities\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3138\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Static Configuration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Low\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Manual updates, deployment cycles, version management\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3138\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Context Injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Low\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pipeline monitoring, data source maintenance, security updates\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3138\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 History-Centric\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Low\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Parameter tuning, performance validation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3138\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reflective/Agent-Driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tool maintenance, reasoning optimization, failure mode handling\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3138\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API-Driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API integration management, schema evolution, dependency monitoring\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3138\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 RAG\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 High\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Index infrastructure, embedding pipeline, relevance tuning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic injection shifts cost structure: moderate upfront investment in pipeline infrastructure, then low ongoing maintenance through automation\'97contrasting with static approaches' low initial cost but high cumulative maintenance burden.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.6.4 Adaptability to domain-specific or time-sensitive information\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3924\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4816\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6314\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Temporal Adaptability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Domain Flexibility\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Personalization Capability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3924\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4816\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6314\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Static Configuration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 None\'a0(fixed at deployment)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 None\'a0(requires variants)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 None\'a0(uniform across users)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3924\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4816\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6314\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Context Injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Excellent\'a0(real-time)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Excellent\'a0(on-demand injection)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Excellent\'a0(per-session customization)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3924\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4816\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6314\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 History-Centric\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Limited (trajectory-only)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Limited (no external incorporation)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Limited (no user-specific external data)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3924\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4816\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6314\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reflective/Agent-Driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Good (tool access)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Good (tool diversity)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate (explicit user-provided parameters)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3924\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4816\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6314\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 API-Driven\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Excellent (live data)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Good (API diversity)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate (parameterized queries)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3924\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4816\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6314\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 RAG\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate (index update lag)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Good (corpus diversity)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Limited (uniform retrieval)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Dynamic injection achieves optimal adaptability profile: real-time currency, on-demand domain flexibility, and seamless personalization without architectural modification or variant proliferation.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 5. Usefulness Assessment and Performance Evidence\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 5.1 Quantified Performance Improvements\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.1.1 Latency reduction: 54% faster response times (4.78s \uc0\u8594  2.18s)\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 The temporal data injection case provides rigorously measured performance improvement :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2960\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4672\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5060\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Metric\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Before (Tool-Based)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 After (Dynamic Injection)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Improvement\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2960\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4672\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5060\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Response time\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 4.78 seconds\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2.18 seconds\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 54% faster\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2960\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4672\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5060\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 LLM calls\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2 (decision + execution)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1 (direct access)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 50% reduction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2960\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4672\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5060\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3796\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User-perceived delay\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Multi-step with visible processing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Immediate with seamless integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Qualitative transformation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The mechanism of improvement is structural elimination of tool invocation cycle: recognition, selection, formulation, execution, parsing, integration\'97all collapsed to single-step availability. This is not incremental optimization but architectural transformation of information access patterns.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.1.2 Token efficiency: 95% reduction in per-interaction tokens (1,734 \uc0\u8594  94)\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Token consumption comparison reveals dramatic efficiency gains :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3833\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1632\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2136\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Cost Component\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tool-Based\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Savings\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3833\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1632\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2136\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tool schema in context\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~500-800\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 0\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 100%\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3833\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1632\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2136\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Invocation message\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~100-200\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 0\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 100%\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3833\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1632\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2136\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Result processing overhead\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~300-500\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 0\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 100%\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3833\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1632\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2136\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Actual information content\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~200-400\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~94\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Moderate\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3833\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2160
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth1632\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2581\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx6480
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2136\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Total per interaction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1,734\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 94\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 95% reduction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The 95% token reduction is achieved not by compressing information content but by eliminating structural overhead of tool-based access. This efficiency is multiplicative across high-volume deployments: at 1M calls/month, ~1.6 billion tokens saved annually.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.1.3 Cost scaling: Significant savings at high interaction volumes\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Economic impact scales with deployment size:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2313\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3549\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Monthly Volume\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Annual Token Savings (vs. Tool-Based)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Estimated Cost Savings*\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2313\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3549\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 100,000\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~160 million\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~$800-$3,200\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2313\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3549\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1,000,000\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~1.6 billion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~$8,000-$32,000\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2313\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5605\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3549\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 10,000,000\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~16 billion\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ~$80,000-$320,000\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 *Assuming $0.005-$0.02 per 1K tokens (typical range for capable models). Actual savings depend on specific pricing, with additional infrastructure efficiency benefits not quantified.\cb1 \
\cb3 Beyond direct API costs: reduced latency improves user experience and engagement; lower token consumption enables longer effective context or more capable models within budget; simplified architecture reduces operational complexity and failure modes.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.2 Quality and Accuracy Benefits\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.2.1 Grounding reasoning in current, verified information\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Temporal currency eliminates knowledge cutoff limitations :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3081\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5249\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6423\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Information Category\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Static/Parametric Limitation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Injection Solution\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3081\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5249\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6423\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Current events\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Training cutoff (months to years past)\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Real-time news, market data, social media\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3081\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5249\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6423\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Personal status\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 No access to user-specific state\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Live profile, preferences, history integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3081\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5249\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6423\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 System state\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fixed assumptions about environment\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Actual configuration, availability, constraints\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3081\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5249\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6423\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 External systems\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 No awareness of current conditions\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Live API data, database state, sensor readings\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Verification pathways improve trustworthiness: injected information can carry provenance metadata, freshness timestamps, and source attribution that parametric knowledge lacks.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.2.2 Reduced hallucination through explicit factual anchoring\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Hallucination reduction mechanisms :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3302\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8835\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7397\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Effect\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3302\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8835\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7397\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Explicit grounding\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Current data provided in context, not retrieved from parameters\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reduces confabulation of outdated or imagined facts\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3302\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8835\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7397\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Source attribution\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Injected content includes provenance markers\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Enables verification, discourages unsupported claims\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3302\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8835\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7397\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Constraint specification\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Active policies and boundaries explicitly stated\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Reduces policy violations and inappropriate outputs\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3302\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8835\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7397\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Confidence calibration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Explicit uncertainty markers for injected information\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Appropriate epistemic humility\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Research on MiroThinker-H1's verification-centric extensions suggests that explicit context management with audit trails can further enhance reliability through local and global verification of reasoning trajectory, including appropriateness of injected information .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.2.3 Improved user relevance via personalized context incorporation\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Personalization without retraining :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3820\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5590\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6646\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Personalization Dimension\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Static Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Dynamic Injection Approach\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3820\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5590\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6646\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User identity\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Generic or manually configured variants\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Per-session profile injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3820\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5590\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6646\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Organizational context\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 One-size-fits-all or deployment-specific\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Live integration with organization systems\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3820\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5590\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6646\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Project/task specifics\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Requires explicit user description\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Automatic from project management integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3820\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5590\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6646\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Interaction history\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Limited to conversation within session\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cross-session memory with appropriate privacy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3820\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5590\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6646\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Preference learning\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Requires explicit feedback mechanisms\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implicit from interaction patterns with consent\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 The zero-shot personalization capability transforms deployment economics: single model instance serves diverse users with tailored experiences, eliminating variant proliferation and associated operational complexity.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.3 Optimal Use Cases\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.3.1 Time-sensitive research and information synthesis\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Characteristics: Information currency determines value; rapid change outpaces update cycles; stale information actively misleads .\cb1 \
\cb3 Examples: Financial market analysis, news monitoring, scientific literature tracking, policy development, competitive intelligence.\cb1 \
\cb3 Implementation pattern: Continuous or triggered refresh of key indicators; proactive injection of current baselines; user-initiated injection of specific sources for deep analysis.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.3.2 Multi-document analysis with dynamic source selection\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Characteristics: Relevant sources vary by query; comprehensive pre-loading infeasible; user judgment guides relevance; source provenance matters .\cb1 \
\cb3 Examples: Legal document review, academic literature synthesis, code base analysis, due diligence investigation, historical research.\cb1 \
\cb3 Implementation pattern: At-mention or search-initiated injection; intelligent summarization for large sources; hierarchical organization enabling progressive focus; explicit source tracking for verification.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.3.3 User-specific personalization without profile retraining\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Characteristics: Diverse user base with distinct needs; privacy constraints on persistent user data; need for immediate adaptation; operational efficiency requires shared infrastructure .\cb1 \
\cb3 Examples: Enterprise research assistants, customer service agents, educational tutoring systems, healthcare decision support, creative collaboration tools.\cb1 \
\cb3 Implementation pattern: Per-session profile injection from authenticated identity; organizational context from directory integration; preference learning with explicit consent; clear user control over personalization scope.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.3.4 Rapidly evolving domains requiring current data\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Characteristics: Information half-life measured in days or hours; competitive pressure for currency; error cost of outdated information high; traditional update cycles inadequate .\cb1 \
\cb3 Examples: Cybersecurity threat intelligence, software vulnerability tracking, supply chain monitoring, regulatory compliance, public health surveillance.\cb1 \
\cb3 Implementation pattern: Automated data pipelines with freshness guarantees; threshold-based alerting for significant changes; integration with authoritative sources; explicit currency indicators in agent responses.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.4 Limitations and Risks\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.4.1 Increased system complexity from injection pipeline management\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Complexity manifestations :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3502\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6523\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7603\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Area\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Complexity Source\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mitigation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3502\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6523\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7603\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Data source integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Multiple APIs, formats, authentication schemes\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Abstraction layers, standard interfaces, middleware\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3502\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6523\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7603\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pipeline orchestration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Timing, caching, error handling, retry logic\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Workflow engines, observability, automated recovery\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3502\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6523\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7603\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Context assembly\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prioritization, formatting, budget management\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Template systems, learned optimization, monitoring\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3502\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6523\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7603\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Version and compatibility\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Schema evolution, model behavior changes\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Testing frameworks, gradual rollout, rollback capability\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Investment justification: Complexity is localized and manageable compared to alternative approaches; benefits in adaptability, efficiency, and quality substantially outweigh costs for appropriate use cases.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.4.2 Context budget pressure from large injected content\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Budget tension: Injected content competes with historical context for limited tokens .\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4128\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5046\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Scenario\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Risk\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mitigation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4128\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5046\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Large document injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Displaces valuable trajectory history\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Intelligent summarization, hierarchical organization, user-guided selection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4128\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5046\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Multiple concurrent injections\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Aggregate exceeds practical limits\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Relevance scoring, progressive disclosure, explicit budget visibility\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4128\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5046\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Persistent injected context\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Accumulates across long sessions\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Lifecycle policies, automatic expiration, user-initiated refresh\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth4128\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5046\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Unpredictable injection size\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Budget estimation errors\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Conservative planning, dynamic truncation, graceful degradation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Optimal balance: Hybrid architectures that protect critical injection capacity while preserving sufficient history for task coherence\'97adaptive window sizing, protected injection slots, and intelligent summarization.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.4.3 Security surface expansion from external data integration\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Attack vectors and defenses :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5095\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Vector\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mechanism\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Defense\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5095\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prompt injection via injected content\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Malicious instructions in user-provided files or API returns\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Input validation, content sanitization, structural isolation, output filtering\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5095\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Information exfiltration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Sensitive data in injected context accessible to adversaries\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Allowlist-based access control, content scanning, least-privilege design\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5095\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Denial of service\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Resource exhaustion via large or numerous injection requests\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Rate limiting, size quotas, circuit breakers, prioritization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5095\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8515\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Supply chain compromise\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Compromised external data sources\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Source verification, integrity checking, fallback mechanisms\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Defense in depth: No single control sufficient; layered approach combining prevention, detection, and response; regular security assessment and red-team exercise.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.4.4 Relevance degradation from poorly curated injections\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Quality risks :\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3152\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7389\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Risk\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cause\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Mitigation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3152\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7389\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Noise injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Irrelevant or marginally related content\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Relevance scoring, user confirmation for uncertain cases, feedback integration\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3152\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7389\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Contradiction injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Conflicting information from multiple sources\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Source prioritization, explicit conflict marking, user resolution\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3152\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7389\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Stale injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cached or outdated information presented as current\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Freshness guarantees, expiration policies, explicit timestamping\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3152\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7389\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Over-injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Excessive context overwhelming attention\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Budget enforcement, progressive disclosure, user control\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Continuous evaluation: Monitor injection effectiveness through task success rates, user feedback, and explicit relevance assessment; iterate on selection and formatting strategies.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.5 Strategic Recommendations\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.5.1 Hybrid architectures: Combining MiroThinker's sliding window with selective injection\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Recommended architecture for MiroThinker enhancement:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3493\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7694\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9009\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Component\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Function\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Implementation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3493\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7694\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9009\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Protected injection tier\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Critical external information with persistence guarantee\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Post-operator injection, reserved budget, automatic refresh\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3493\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7694\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9009\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Adaptive sliding window\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Trajectory history with dynamic sizing\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Learned \uc0\u934 \u8348  with K adjustment based on injection load\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3493\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7694\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9009\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User-initiated injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 On-demand document and data reference\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 At-mention parsing, search integration, intelligent summarization\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3493\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth7694\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9009\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Triggered injection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Proactive context based on state detection\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Conversation analysis, prediction models, user notification\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Integration principle: Injection and history management are complementary, not competitive\'97each addresses distinct information sources with optimized mechanisms, unified within shared budget constraints through intelligent allocation.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.5.2 Injection prioritization frameworks for multi-source contexts\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Prioritization dimensions for complex injection scenarios:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3614\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6642\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9047\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Dimension\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Priority Rule\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Rationale\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3614\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6642\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9047\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Temporal urgency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Fresher information higher priority\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Currency typically correlates with relevance for dynamic domains\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3614\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6642\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9047\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User explicitness\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Directly referenced content highest priority\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 User judgment is strong relevance signal\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3614\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6642\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9047\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Task predicted relevance\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Model-estimated utility based on query analysis\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Captures implicit needs not explicitly stated\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3614\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6642\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9047\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Source authority\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Authoritative sources over unverified\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Quality and trustworthiness matter for accuracy\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth3614\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth6642\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9047\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Historical effectiveness\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Past successful injections for similar queries\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Learned from outcome feedback\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Multi-factor scoring: Combine dimensions through weighted aggregation, with weights tunable by task type and user preference; expose scoring rationale for transparency and debugging.\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.5.3 Continuous evaluation metrics for injection effectiveness\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Measurement framework:\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb4 Table\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 \
\

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2332\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5556\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec8 Metric Category\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Specific Metrics\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Data Source\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2332\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5556\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Efficiency\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Tokens per injection, latency per injection, cache hit rates\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Pipeline instrumentation\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2332\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5556\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Quality\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Task success rate with/without injection, error rate reduction, user satisfaction\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Outcome tracking, explicit ratings\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2332\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5556\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Relevance\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Injection utilization rate (actually referenced in output), user removal rate, follow-up query patterns\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Conversation analysis\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2332\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5556\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Safety\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Security incident rate, policy violation rate, adversarial test results\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Security monitoring, red-team exercises\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \nestrow

\itap2\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trminw2640 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2332\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth9600\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5556\clftsWidth3 \clmaxw9600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf9 \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl200 \clpadb200 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Economics\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Cost per successful task, ROI vs. alternative approaches\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell 
\pard\intbl\itap2\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Financial tracking, comparative analysis\cf0 \cb1 \nestcell \lastrow\nestrow
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Improvement cycle: Regular metric review; hypothesis-driven experimentation; A/B testing of injection strategies; incremental rollout with monitoring; rollback capability for adverse changes.\cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell \lastrow\row
}